-xd1aAlPXqs after you 've done at least six to twelve rounds of sun salutation in sivananda yoga we start on the main practice . we will begin with leg raises . it really helps open up the core , strengthen the core , and it 's just a wonderful way to start . so i 'm going to have lauren here lay down on her back . beautiful . now bring your arms down to your sides , palms on the earth . if you need any little assistance in this , because it is a lot of core work through here , you can place the hands underneath the hips if you need just a little bit of assistance . when i ask lauren here to engage the feet , nice deep flexion of the feet . pressing through the heels , toes to the nose . and we 're going to start with single leg raises , and we 're going to have you do three of each , on each side . starting very slowly , inhaling up the right leg . about five seconds , slowly coming up . exhaling five , four , three , two , one . inhaling up right , five , four , three , two , one . lowering down slowly , five , four , three , two , one .
KtMjOT6fDrw on behalf of expert village , my name is husain abdul alim and i am here to tell you all about wood carving . hooks ; all kinds of hooks . and we have got a hook spotter cause some of this wood is kind of hard , kind of hard , kind of hard . no hook on my potential piece but we are going to get one on there sooner than later . we have to think about how that is going to hang , right about there . okay , okay and it needs another wire on it and we need another little wire to put up , you can hang on your wall . make a nice little circle inside my screw eye . okay , now it is ready to be hung , now it is ready to be hung .
ehbFyYlcEhc hi ! this is david jackel on behalf of expert village and i 'm here to talk to you about washing your hands to prevent a cold . now hand washing is actually one of the best ways to prevent catching a cold . the germs that you would catch , travel through your hands onto other parts of your body , specifically your face . most colds come from direct contact that you 're having with somebody else who has the virus . often times that 's like shaking hands with somebody , being in close quarters , hugging , touching , anything when you 're close with somebody else , sharing things , touching the same glass , touching the same silverware , touching the same food , stuff like that . so what you should do is constantly be washing your hands , especially if you 're traveling or if you 're in close quarters with people or you 're exposed to someone who might be sick . always be washing your hands and do it with warm water and soap , wash vigorously for at least 20 seconds to make sure you loosen up all the germs . now , you wo n't always have access to warm water and soap , so what you should do is carry hand sanitizer . i always keep some hand sanitizer with me , in my car , in a bag with me if i 'm traveling and this is something you can take out whenever you need to and just put a little bit of on your hands . if you 're shaking hands with people at a public event , you do n't know who is sick or who is shaking hands with someone else who is sick . it 's really not worth getting sick , so use some hand sanitizer . the important thing to remember is that hands are a vessel through which germs can reach your body , so always keep your hands as frequently as possible . also , always wash your hands before eating and before touching your face .
lcw8f2od6z8 the other way we can do cucumbers which is also very nice is on these pickling cucumbers i find out that works out the best because they are firmer is to slice them diagonally . same thing about 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' you can cut them a little bit thicker if were going to use this style because well you 'll see why what were going to do once we 're doing this . turn them on the side we 're going to cut them into strips and that ones are pickled it 's going to make them nice soft and flexible but still have the good crunch . be careful not to cut your fingers because you ca n't enjoy your meal if your fingers are missing , same thing with the ends . we 're going to bring our bowl over and i 'm just going to mix them all together because as you see the process is the same no matter how you cut your cucumbers .
G-VRHmkiqtc my name is anthony maddaloni and i 'm going to talk about putting photographic emulsion onto watercolor paper . now photographs have an emulsion on them . and what i can do , is i can heat up this emulsion and light , tight space , using a red photographic safe light . and i can paint this photographic emulsion onto watercolor paper . and then i can print using traditional photographic techniques in a dark room . and i like this especially because i can make photographs that are n't necessarily just flat on plastic . i can put them on watercolor paper , i can make cards out of them , i can make even really beautiful painterly-esque images . and so that is one way that i can kind of create a style for myself using photographic emulsion that i 've painted onto watercolor paper .
_Q4AVRIkwAQ in this episode , we 're actually going to use an interesting technique that combines bleeding acupuncture along with cuppings , very commonly used for heat syndromes as well as for pain . so this is a great choice for back pain . once again , we 're going to swab the area to make sure that it 's sterile . in this case , we use a lancet which is very similar to a diabetic 's use if they 're checking their blood sugar . and now , we utilize the cup again in the same fashion and we 'll place that over the location we 're we just use the bleeding needle . and you maybe able to see from the camera we 're starting to get a drop of blood that 's starting to come forward , and if we leave on here for a few minutes , that amount of blood will start to increase . we 'll give that a moment to do some of its work . here we go . we 're actually starting to get a little bit of a drip from there which is good . and actually , in order to be therapeutic , we oftentimes , we 'll leave this on for five minutes and get about a teaspoon or so of blood out of it . but in this case , for the magic of tv , we 'll go ahead and leave it there not quite so long , and what you 'll see is when i release the pressure from this cup , the blood actually kinda sprays up on the cup , cups . so if you 're screamish you might want to go ahead and not watch the video right now . ahh , we did n't have too much from that . so , you can see that we have a little bit of blood there and we 'll go ahead and just clean that up and a little bit of bruising that 's left over from that . and that 's bleeding , cupping and it 's quite effective for pain .
lohZUjGk9bs alright , some of the terminology is balls and strikes , and we call two balls and one strike , of course everyone knows you only get three strikes . four balls , you take your base , hit by a pitch , take your base . now you 'll see me , it has a clicker in it , this is an indicator . as you can see , the game ended 1-1 count , and there was 2 outs . now , let 's say the game went on . watch this -there 's ball two , strike two . ball three , we call that a full count . ball four , take your base . go back to zero , start all over again . make sure you reset your indicator after every batter , because otherwise you could start with 4-0 , that does n't work . reset it 0-0. see that 0-0 ? ball 1 , strike 1 , strike 2 , strike 3 - you 're out of there !
fC82uLet6b4 hi i 'm james adams i 'm here on behalf of expertvillage.com and i 'm going to talk about laptop video cards . laptop video cards are not upgradeable and another thing about them is you could always look at what kind you have by going to start control panel system and then you go to hardware and device manager . right here the forth option from the top forth or fifth it depends on your computer . you will click it and right there it says what kind you have . in my case i got a at radiant 200 series . so one thing to know about laptop video cards is there are different kinds for a simple . i 'm looking right now this dell system and if you are planning to doing any kind of gaming on the laptop you are really not going to find a laptop with a video card cable to play like high in games . for under a 1000 dollars actually about 11 or 12 maybe even 13 but , in this case this dell i have a if you where going to buy you have a couple of options intel graphite meaning accelerator in 950 which is good enough for some games and mostly intended for emails and stuff like that , typing letters , what not . then they have this second option on this dell laptop which is 128 mega mobility s1300 which that would play some games and they have the 256 mega radian x1400 that would also play some games . with these cards the last two you will be able to play games but not with the first . the first one would play some games but not most of them . they have another manufacture right here it is called cyber power not only ati radian are not the only ones that make video cards but also nvidia in this case of these cyber power where is it cyber power it comes with it . there it is . it comes with a mgva force 7600 256 mega which is better then the dell but , also it is 1200 dollars . so if you are planning on playing any kind high in games on it and you have a lot that you pay like 700 dollars for it there is not going to play games . another thing like i said the video card on the laptop is not upgradeable the only kind that there is one kind of laptop that you could upgrade the video is called mxm module if your laptop has that . the module basically looks like a super nintendo cartilage you just pop it out and pop a new one in but it was not very popular and has gone out of circulation .
N1JcMtqrqTA on behalf of expertvillage.com this is tom flowers of `` well tempered piano tuning '' . hi tom thanks for coming out and taking a look at my piano . as you could see this is it i have alot of challenges you never could tell what is going to be wrong with it cause i have a child that like to poke things down in it . okay . well do you think the damage is ? well a standard tuning is going to be $ 95 , the rest of it would depend with what is going on . pulling things out is not expensive pulling things out are free and sometimes you really find some really interesting things . but we could get to that point take a look at what is going on . sounds good . the first thing i 'm going to do is pull the this desk off and if you want to grab that plant . sure . and we find out why certain things are they are . this piano is about 5 foot 7 , it looks to me to be from the 20 's from both designed in the cabinet and the appearance of the sound board and some other things that are going on here . it has not had any specific work , i can tell that by the pins they are still manufacture height .
y-MG69Ejzqc so to position the feet as our foundation , always want to start with the feet in the standing poses . from foundations build strong houses so you want your feet to be about the length of one of your legs spaced apart so you can always use a yoga tie in the beginning or bathrobe belt or a regular belt or a necktie to measure the length from the outside of your , of the outside of your leg from your outer foot up to your hip . place that on your yoga mat to determine the width between your feet and then you want to make sure that your feet are what we call parallel to each other . you can often use the second toes to determine that- make the second toes parallel to each other and press firmly down into your feet to begin creating a firm foundation for your standing posture , in this case , virasana 1 , hero 1. after awhile you 'll be able to tell the distance apart that you need your feet to be , but in the beginning , this is a good tool .
7AvatvcF5Cs we 're going to let this cook well until our butter has just about melted down . and then we 're just going to dump it straight into our pan and i 'm just going to put this in the oven for about five minutes or so . now while we 're waiting for that we 'll take our same pan and give this a little wash out . we 're going to measure out one cup of water and we 're going to add two cubes of our vegetable bouillon . we 're going to be using the stock with our chicken . so if you ca n't find vegetable bouillon , then chicken will be fine as well . and while we 're waiting for this we 'll start working on our asparagus . we 'll fill our pan about half way up with water and we 'll add just about a tablespoon , a little less than a tablespoon of salt , turn our front burner up to eight . and then will take our sauté pan as we 're getting ready to prepare our chicken and we 'll add a tablespoon of oil .
vmwCD3Dcs6U hello ! my name is harold hall , ft. lauderdale archers in ft. lauderdale , florida and today we are going to talk about some of the supplies , and equipment that you would use for archery . on behalf of expert village i would like to welcome you . okay other equipment that is usually used on your bows whether it would be long bow , recurve or your compound is string . there 's a ton of different strings out there in the market . you have what 's called dacron , the dacron is used for basically for recurve or longbows . you have what is called a fast flight , fast flight is normally used on compound . they are made in different lengths according to this style of compound you have whether it would be 35 inch axle-axle or 40 inch axle-axle . your string is very important part when you shoot archery . one of the other things that we have here is some of your tools we have what is a called a allenwrench this is very important to have especially if you are working on your equipment .
rGkH80hPrRc the drink we are about to make is called a bat bite so do n't worry you are not going to get rabies from this drink but if you really do get bit by a bat then i would suggest doing something about it , do n't just go order a bat bite . we are going to do two shots of spiced rum , there 's one and two and follow that up with some cranberry juice and you are going to do about a shot of cranberry juice and we 'll mix these two ingredients all together . all nice and your favorite winged creature can pack a nice bite as a drink as well . so let 's go ahead and pour that in and the last thing we 'll do is just give it a nice splash of grenadine because you know the teeth came in and they 're going to give it a nice bloody effect and that 's a bat bite , bottoms up .
eiZXecJl9HI pose 11 in the sivananda series is utanasana , standing forward fold , and sue 's going to demonstrate for us . so i 'm going to have you standing facing this way . start into dasana pose . it 's basically stacking one part of the body onto the next , so go through the steps . bring your toes a little bit closer together than the heels . wonderful , strong thighs . engage those thighs . tuck the tail bone , hollow the belly and relax the shoulders back down , away . yes , gently drop the chin . you want the chin kind of parallel to the ground , the crown of the head reaching for the ceiling . alright , coming into the forward fold , arms to the sides , inhaling up . as you exhale , swan dive forward fold . she is bending from the hips , beautiful . the first thing i 'm going to have you do is grab a hold of either side of the elbow . using the weight of her arms and the weight of her head to really start that good stretch . now in this pose you 're getting a nice lower back stretch , you 're also stretching your hamstrings . so holding this just a little bit in the beginning . do you feel the stretch in the back of the legs ? yes . nice . gently release the elbow . now taking your hands beside your feet you 're going to lower back just a little bit , and please feel free to micro bend the knees if you need to . beautiful . the crown of the head just completely towards the mat , relax the neck completely , and coming out of it very slowly . inhale , reverse swan dive all the way up , take a nice back bend to counteract the fold . inhale up , straight spine , exhale , heart center .
ZBH1tmP_jnE in this clip we 'll talk about afternoon tea . another sport of tea dear . but of course , thank you . i 'll also take some of the sweets please . oh excellent . what is the story with these tiny little sandwiches and cakes ? it all started with lady bedford . in the 1800s lady bedford , usually right in the afternoon around four or five o'clock , would get these hunger pains because the time between lunch and dinner was just too long . in those days lunch was typically served at eight o'clock so she was wondering how she could tide herself over to dinnertime . one afternoon she asked her servant to prepare a light sandwich with her cup of tea and she took it in the boudoir . well , not only did it help her to bridge the time between lunch and dinner , but she also thought it was a nice little break , and before long she invited some of her friends to share in this ritual and the rest , as they say , is history because it did n't take much longer before more and more friends came together , and what started as just a sandwich and a cup of tea became a tradition that is now well known and practiced all over the world . so high tea is really just taking afternoon tea to the next level right ? well , that 's where you 're mistaken because high tea is really a misnomer or it 's really misinterpreted . high tea is what the working class people had . high tea was when the factory worker came home after a day of work and sat at a kitchen table , which was usually a high table , having pot roast and a good pot of tea . now what you are referring to is the low tea because low tea , as lady bedford had it and her friends , was served on low tables in a boudoir , nice china , sweets and tiny little sandwiches .
fH1j7heajZk there 's so many funny moments as a music producer , you know , it 's a lot of fun being in the studio . you know , it 's just a good vibe you 're making music , you 're hanging out . you know , sometimes people drink , sometime people smoke , sometimes people just chill out . so basically it 's , you know , a good energy environment . you want to always make sure that your studio has a good energy in it this is very important that makes the music better . there 's so many funny things that happen in a studio you 've got to understand that these artist they 're characters , you know , they 're artists for a reason . so , you know , artist are going to come in here he 's going to be drunk , acting silly in the booth , making jokes , cracking jokes , everybody 's just having a good time , you know . so basically something funny happens just about every time we have a session here . alright so actually this is a pretty recent story , a woman called me on the phone she said my daughter wants to sing , we want to come in there , we want to buy a beat . i said o.k great , you know . had them came in to the studio , the sat the whole time she was saying oh , you know , she 's really great , she like a mixture between whitney houston and rihanna , you know , just really amazing . so i said o.k . cool , you know , let 's , let 's hear what you 've got . the girl was a little bit shy so finally , you know , i talked them in to getting in the booth and needless to say she needed a lot of work . you know , this is something that happens , you know , it 's funny but it 's also a little bit , you know , disturbing . but what are you going to do , you know . you 've got to understand that these artists sometime they 're in their own head , they 're in their own bubble and it 's a music producers job to give them a little bit of the reality that we do live in and you really do have to put in a lot of work to be a talented artist .
TUm8JJOQMBw hi , i 'm shaun schaefer on behalf of expert village and today we 're going to learn how to play paradiddles . in this clip we 're going to take a look at the paradiddle diddle and how does n't necessarily translate as easy to the drum set setting like the double paradiddle . so let 's go ahead and take a look at where this problem area occurs . let 's take a look at why the paradiddle diddle does n't necessarily work when we 're trying to put it into a drum fill and the problem with it is , basically the sticking of it . so if we 're going to play a basic drum beat in 6/8 , that would be the paradiddle diddle . the problem is when your playing a drum fill , typically , as there 's exceptions to every rule , but you do n't go backwards around the drums meaning you do n't start with a lower drum , the lower pitched drum , and do a drum fill going up . has it been done ? yes . will it be done in the future ? yes . do people do it today ? yes . it 's just an unnatural thing for a couple of reasons . one , the pitch , and secondly , your body is not used to going this way around the drum kit . okay , it goes this way around the drum kit , it 's more efficient . so the paradiddle diddle does n't make sense in that way . yeah that 's helping us out but we are playing kind of a weird fill . this is where the double paradiddle , it would come into place . right ? so that is why the paradiddle diddle does n't work within a beat concept . if your playing a drum solo , absolutely ! you speed them up and it sounds great , but , this does n't work really with a drum fill . but let 's go ahead and take a look at what 's coming up next .
f56x4WHII8A mike lais : hi . i 'm mike lais , and on behalf of expert village , this is diminished chord voicings . so , the diminished chord voicings . in this segment , we 're going to talk about the diminished triad , the diminished 7th , the difference between a diminished 7th and a minor 7 flat 5. there is a little bit of a difference . i 'll also be showing you the functions [ sounds like ] around with these chords because they 're kind of , they 're used little bit differently than the way you will like a major 7 or a dominant 7. a diminished 7th is one that uses a flat 3 and a flat 5 and a double flat 7. but we 'll get into all that in a little bit , but for now we 're just going to want to make sure that we focus on the triad and i 'll show the different voicings that we have , the different inversions that we have for that . again , an inversion is where you flip a chord upside down and instead on the root , you 're going to start on the 3rd or the 5th or the 7th , just the different note that 's not the root . but when we get started and we start talking about some diminished chords . let 's start with the diminished triads .
JFDOWsgGIe0 this is riley , and he is going to help me , today , to talk to you about children that may have growing pains , and how a message might be a beneficial way of helping them to release some of the aches and pains , and discomfort associated with growing pains . growing pains can typically affect children between the ages of three and five , and then again between of eight and twelve . but these are simply guidelines because it can affect a child anytime . it can be something that causes discomfort in different parts of their legs , in the fronts , the backs , some children may have ashcan slaughters , which could cause pain up in the knee area , other children may have ciphers which could cause some kind of discomfort in their ankle area , which is more of a inflammation of growth plates , but this message could still be helpful and beneficial to help alleviate some of those aches and pains . even children that run around and play , lots and lots , can get aches and pains in their legs and they may not exactly be growing pains , but these message strokes and techniques can be helpful even in those situations . so , hope that you 'll find the next bits of information useful .
CaVf_IxAzsw jorge benlloch : we 're going to put the stencil here . and then we see that we have to redo that fin and that one also and this one too and this too . mainly , it was the fins . okay , sorry , fish . okay , now that we have mainly the fish shape , we have to try to separate it from the base because it sticks . that 's why we spread it across the -- in there . but for the shape that we have-that made eyes , i have better idea . okay , now it looks like -- this goes lower . then we are going to make the fins pattern that always they have this kind of radius bones , and we can do it , of course , like this . but we 're going to do it better with a too , but this -- it gives you an idea how the direction of the radius , okay ?
P2k9yGmUAwQ hi everybody ! i 'm lauren taylor at the baker 's corner on behalf of expert village . thank you for joining me today for our chocolate peanut butter surprise cupcakes . now , when you hear the word surprise , that sounds scary and kind of generic almost . there really is a surprise in the center of the cupcake . my 2 favorite things to put together in this world are chocolate and peanut butter . in my book , that just means perfection right there . these cupcakes are chocolate cupcakes , which i have 2 secret ingredients in the cupcakes , in the cake parts themselves . they 're going to be so moist , you 'll want to eat them just by themselves . if you 're anything like me , that 's not normal , but trust me , they 're going to be fantastically moist cupcakes . there 's going to be a surprise in the center of that . we 're going to put in a peanut butter cup in the center of the cupcake for a little surprise when you bite into it . i know , it 's already sounding amazing . then on top , we 're going to have a very light whipped peanut butter frosting with just a little bit of chocolate in that too . ca n't go wrong with that . all over it 's great . every bite has great flavor , lots of chocolate and peanut butter in every single bite . this frosting is great by itself . the cupcakes are great by itself . i could just eat a million of the little reese 's peanut butter cups that are going in the center of them . fantastic cupcakes . let 's get started .
HY2V2vbNaAY so the last material or supply that you 'll need to have is a workable fixative spray . you can purchase these at any art supply store as well as hardware stores i have found them there . you want it to be a workable fixative , not a final fixative because you want the surface to continually be workable but the reason for this is that when you are going to work with adhesives on top of a surface that you have applied graphite or pencil to , you are going to notice that it is going to tend to wash away all of your graphite lines . so if you want to still have a guide to follow , if you are not just sort of freely working into a collage and you are actually working on a specific image , you want to spray your surface with a workable fixative in order to keep the graphite down . i would definitely make sure that the areas that you are collaging that you tend to darken with graphite before you spray the fixative . then just do a light application in order to keep the graphite on to the paper because you do n't want to lose your image as you are working . you are going to have to keep redrawing it in if not .
G_CdA_PRjpc in a single straight leg stretch , take your right hand on the back of the right leg for the hamstring . and take your left hand down to that right ankle . it can be done in different levels , you can be up on your tail bone , you can come down your lower back . some people , if they have a problem where their neck bothers them , can lay the head down . push forward to connect deeper into the back and the abdominals , hold your head up . now take a deep breath in , and switch both legs over towards the left leg and you 're bringing that leg in straight towards you and then exhale , switch . and inhale , switch . inhale and exhale , use the breath . inhaling and exhaling . extending with the toes and again , if your neck bothers you , bring your head down . but it wo n't work as deeper into the back and abdominal muscles as it is when you lift the head up . and up back and forth . pointing like somebody 's got you right by the toes and you 're reaching . one more time . deep breath in and a deep breath out . and lay right down .
GtmSIwlVcc8 hi everyone and welcome to expert village , i 'm harmonie krieger and today we 're going to be doing closet clean out . now i organize closets for a living and i have to say that my closet was one of the messiest when i started this job and you can go to my website to see more information about me and contact me for my services and that is www.harmonienation.com . its h-a-r-m-o-n-i-e n-a-t-i-o-n .com and i 'd love to talk to you and hear any input that you might have and any help that you might need with your closets because it took me a long time to master this . so organizing your closet can be one of the most difficult and annoying tasks there could be , ok ? i know there 's spring cleaning but you have to get rid of the winter stuff when its summer and the summer stuff when its winter and i 'm going to teach you how to organize your closet where every day you open the door and its lovely to see . you pick out your outfit and you know that you 're ready to go . so we 're going to go from shoes to jackets to color coordination to everything you can imagine . i 'm even going to teach you a couple of tips that you probably do n't know . so let 's go into my closet and show you what you can do with yours .
JcJ-UB67QQ0 in this clip we 're going to be covering goals for your play . now it 's helpful that during your writing process that you have an idea of what you 're ultimately going to do with the play . an important resource book you might want to take a look at is the writer 's market , which comes out once a year . it lists all sorts of companies that accept writing , from books to articles and they usually have a section on plays as well . and it will list theater companies and what types of plays they 're looking for . it may even list the maximum number of characters that they expect , and it will give contact information too , so it can be really valuable , even while you 're writing the play , to be investigating it and not wait until your play is totally finished . now another option is competitions and contests . maybe you 'll pick up a little cash if you win a contest , but the real value is in getting exposure for your work , getting people to see it . and often that can be a big boost into getting it produced if you 've had some winnings on that . now another option is to produce the play yourself . now the trick there is that promotion gets very very expensive , but if you know of a space or even a lot of schools or churches will have spaces or stages that they 'd be willing to rent you for your play . now promotion is very important and you might even want to start your own website if you do n't have one already , or create one specifically for your writing where a production company who gets your submission , or anyone you contact about your writing about doing a play on their venue , they can look up your website and see that you are a serious playwright . now i mentioned the writer 's market , but there are all kinds of books out there about writing , and what you might do is look for books in the specific area where you really feel you need the most boost . if you seem to have trouble creating characters or working on dialog or coming up with entire story , check out a book or a guide along those lines . also a guide on play form , even though you may know the basics , a guide may give you details like , you put this period before the , within the parentheses , or after the parentheses , or whatever it might be , just so you can have you can grab real quickly . there 's so many writer 's discussion groups and forums on the web now that you 'd be able to really be specific and find a group that has playwrights who are writing very similar styles to what you 're writing , maybe live in the same region , maybe they 're the same age or demographic , people you can share your thoughts with and get ideas from . and that 's important to do , not when you finish the play , but it can be really helpful along the way during that journey . if you happen to be a teacher , writing scenes can be really valuable too . it can be a great learning experience for children , or even for people learning english as a second language . instead of reading , where you open the book and you 're reading with expression , you 're having students get up there and actually read a scene . so they do n't really know that they 're reading or pay attention to , 'ok , now i 'm going to be learning this reading ' , they 're concentrating on the character and the dialog and having fun , and it 's a great learning experience that 's a lot of fun and it really holds their attention too . so we 've covered some points to be doing while you 're writing your play , now take that creative energy that you 've got while you 're writing and put that into the promotion and knowing where your play is going to be going .
YJxK9U6jclM on behalf of expert village , my name is gregg tauriello . i 'm from sweet 16 studio , and i 'm here to talk to you about soundproofing for a recording studio . here we have attached our z channel , and now we 've attached our first layer of soundboard . i say first layer , because you can do two , three , or four layers of this combination if you want to . but this is the first layer of soundboard attached to the z channel . i 've attached , with screws , wherever there is not a stud . the idea is i do n't want to go through the soundboard into the stud , i want to miss all those studs . if i go into the stud , the sound is going to be transmitted through the soundboard directly into the stud , and that 's what we want to stay away from . we want to put all our screws in between the studs , here , here , and so forth , and that creates that springing motion that we really , really need especially for bass guitar , kick drum , and those really loud , low instruments . low sounds go through the walls more than high sounds . if you 've ever noticed , if you 're in another room and you hear somebody talking on the other side of the wall , it will usually , it will usually sound like a muffled sound because that 's the low sound of the person 's voice getting through the wall , but the high sound , the `` s 's '' do n't get through . this is a piece of sound board that i 've just broken up a little bit so you can see what it looks like inside . it 's pretty much just a composite material made of sawdust and maybe some recycled newspaper in there , they just throw together a whole bunch of mixture of materials , and then they use a glue to meld it all together . you can get this in different thicknesses , i highly recommend getting the thickest that you can because , again , mass is what we 're looking for . so if you can afford to do it , i believe this comes up to 3/4 '' thick , maybe even an inch . so , get the thickest that your budget allows for the soundboard .
fuMrh5I14g4 once you have the angles of the feet positioned , then just move the forward knee directly over the ankle and also make sure that the kneecap is directly above the second toe . you can kind of check this out from the side if you need to in the beginning , until you know where the , that position comes for you . this is bringing safety for the knee and aligning the shin bone so that it 's straight . yoga 's a lot about physics , you just want that knee right above the ankle , if it feels too much you can always bring it a little bit behind the ankle until you work into it over time and then gradually you can bring it forward more . but you never want to have the knee lunging past the ankle , always right over the ankle , right over the second toe . then you can come back to prayer position and begin to notice how that feels with your shoulders over your hips , noticing how your ankles feel , how your knees feel and in the next slot we 're going to talk about how you can position that better .
T2q9siiElkM so after you 've established the border with your artist tape and taped your mat board down to your working surface , your next step is to choose your image for working with . so here again i have a few different types of images that you can work with . the reason that i 've chosen to xerox copy this is because working in a gray scale tracing is actually a little bit easier to define edges as well as differences in variation of color rather than dealing with so many different colors in one piece . so here is an image already call it a ready image that you want to work from . or , a drawing that maybe , perhaps you 've done on another paper that you 'd like to see turned into a collage . or a drawing that somebody else has done for you . whatever the case may be . you can trace it onto some velan or tracing paper and then transfer the image which i 'll be showing you just a little bit later onto your working surface . and then you also have the option of drawing directly onto the board itself , freehand drawing . depending on what type of work you 're looking to achieve .
MwNlYyrRhSE hi ! this is john on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will be showing you how to empty the dust bag . first we need to locate our dust bag which is located on the back portion ; it 's this cloth bag . next we need to rotate it in a counter clockwise fashion off of the vacuum adapter . you might need to wiggle that just a little bit to pull that off . next we need to invert the bag over a trash can and empty out all of our dust . now not all of it will come out so you are going to have to depress that spring and you can even tap on the bag to get a little bit more out of it . on our sander itself , there is dust inside of this vacuum adapter so you want to make sure you empty that out as well . next we need to line your bag up and turn it clockwise .
f6YjzU1Ow2U hi . i am chitrotpola mukherjee from art space india and i am talking on behalf of expert village . now i am going to show you a method also used by ceramists to do designs on pottery on sculpture or what ever work on newer pieces . that can be done . this is by application of stickers . let me show you a sheet of stickers . as you can see you can there are pieces that are round there are pieces that are thin circle . and these you can use and cuts and use or in what ever way your like . simply cut a little piece out of it and put it in what ever piece of work that you 're doing which you want to embellish . anything that is appropriate . so just stick it and then you put it through the same process of putting it in the furnace . keeping it at 700 or 8000 temperature . keeping it for 7-8 hrs and then it cools . and then you take it out and it is ready . this particular design which ever designed you have put has been transferred onto your particular piece . it really works wonders on this simple ordinary looking things and you use a sticker and it completely raises the level of that particular piece . the same stickers can be used to enhance the look of a sculpture . for instance if you look at this round piece . now if you cut and it into two . first the artist likes . you take this and you put half of it on this wing and you put it half of this on the other wing . and then well it has changed . it 's a bird it becomes a bird with a floral wing on both sides . and you want to add some more color may you can put a strip of red over here . or a strip of red in the beak . you can do lots of things other than using on glaze process . you can also , this is again a non glaze process . which you can use for embellishing your object . there is such a large scope . what a huge scope there is to do things and have really have fun . when you are working you do n't have to be very serious . you can play with this . you play with stickers . you play with color . play with designed and you 're thinking keeps changing as you wish . so i think that 's , that gives a lot of scope and variety to the artist at work . thank you
qeSOBY9wBjQ hi everybody i 'm john graden from the martial arts teachers association and johngraden.com . how do you teach your children self defense ? i have a seven year old and a five year old and we 're dealing with this all the time . in schools there is typically a zero tolerance for striking , even if it 's in self defense your child could get thrown out of school , suspended , or disciplined for striking . so , we want to make sure that we 're teaching our children how to protect themselves , but at the same time not getting in trouble and especially not really hurting the other kid . up until , probably high school , it gets more serious , but when we 're talking about elementary school age kids we 're talking mostly about school yard type tussles . we can help our children to avoid these things . number one : we want to make sure that they understand this is self defense not self offense . they 're never initiating , they never take the roll of the bully . i want to help them understand the damage of teasing and make sure that they 're never participating in that . number two ; top of the list ; you have to have an attitude that nobody touches me without my permission . nobody touches me without my permission . we want to instill that sense of self worth into your children . so , mind set and mental attitude are really the driving forces behind good self defense training . in terms of actual physical techniques ; joining me is mr. joe mcnolley from pro star mixed martial arts . here is what i teach my kids . i could teach them how to knock the kid out with one blow , but what i want to do is help my child to get out of the situation as quick as possible . so , whenever he 's grabbed i teach him to ask himself two quick questions . one , just grab my shoulder please ; what targets are available to me . i 'm teaching my child what parts of the body are more sensitive . it 's interesting , if you look at your body the outside of the joint is typically a lot , is hard it can take punishment . the inside is usually pretty sensitive . that applies here to the shoulder too , so one of the things that i tell my kids is if somebody grabs you their arm pits are immediately open . just reach under there and pinch their arm pit . most kids will let go instantly . pinch the nipple , they 'll let go instantly . you 're not striking , you 're not hitting , you 're not really causing that much pain , but what i want this guy to experience is like he grabbed a hot pot and he wants to let go real fast . it 's funny i taught this to my child , alexander , and he just laughed . he had this kid who was picking on him . i said just reach under there and pinch him under the armpit . he goes no daddy i 'll tickle him , he 'll let go , because he said ; that 's the kind of nature i want out of the child . i want him not to be interested in hurting people . i want him to be interested in protecting himself , because nobody touches him without his permission . so , the two questions i 'm going to ask ; what targets are available and then what weapons are available ? . typically your hands are free and your legs are free . so , that 's my ideas on teaching self defense to children . i 'm john graden . thank you very much . i hope that helps .
P4yYDFy_5Z4 hi , i 'm richard goms , i 'm living in salt lake city . we 're going to talk about who lives at a certain address . there might be any number of reasons why you might want to know who is living at a certain address for either personal reasons or business reasons . one method to determine that is a reverse address look up on line . you type in the address it 'll tell you who 's living there , the phone number possibly . another method would be to contact the county property assessor or check on line for maybe an index to the county assessor records , type in the address . it might list who is living at that address . a city directory , again a city directory or telephone book , again you 'll need to know the phone number probably to look that up . another method would be to pay a finders fee to a people finder service . and one of those is us search . there are others on the web where you pay a fee and they 'll find whatever information you 're looking for .
SXE4NXCGs-8 bill albin : hello , i 'm bill albin . and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to teach you what you need to know to be a local news reporter . in this clip , we 're going to talk more about recording your voice . you would use that for working on a package , for example . when i do a package which is a completely pre-produced story , i need to make sure that my voice part of that is properly recorded , and so you would come into an audio booth like this . you would have your script with you . your script will just be the information that you plan to read , and it 's already timed out because your story timing is very important . and you have to make it fit with the other sound bites in the story and the other elements of that story . so you would have your script . you would come into the audio booth , and this would be being recorded either in here or some other source , some other location . and i would read my script in a fashion that made sense that followed the script and sounded natural because no one 's going to see me in here doing this . it 's all going to be recorded on tape somewhere and without my picture , and it 's going to be -- then put into that story as just an audio file . so i will record the voice , and later on , i will put the video over top of that , and i will incorporate the sound bites . and i will then take all of that material , put it together into one complete and finished story .
RNVJre5eBW8 hi this is neha on behalf of expert village . again , heat it . now you need to add some spices to it , so that you can make it spicy . add some salt , say like this much would be enough for this , add some gorama salad to the combination , and select 1/2 a tablespoon . you need to add red chili , this much will go . we need to add tumeric powder , say a little bit just for the taste , for the sake of adding it , and we need to add to , gel it well . as you can see that it has come in to a nice combination , is n't it . this is the actual stuffing which will go into the stuffed tomatoes . put the fennel seeds from the top . it has to be now a bigger quantity , gel it well and then add green chili to it . the green chili 's has to be in big quantity , like this much . basically we want to make a spicy , spicy recipe , add a little bit more .
tZIx_M_Hw1g hi i 'm rachel dayan for expert village now i 'm going to show you all the ingredients of the chumous salad and how to mix them . we have here the ready chickpeas the cooked chickpeas it 's about 1 cup , 1/2 cup oil canola oil , you can use olive oil too , a tablespoon of parsley you can use dry parsley or fresh parsley , 1/2 teaspoon of cumin , and 1/2 cup of made techina . we 're going to pour everything into the food processor and we 're going to start mixing it together until it would be nicely grounded . i do n't put all the oil together i 'm going to add the rest of the oil a little bit later on the chickpeas has to be very very soft to make this chumous salad otherwise it 's not going to grind good . the grinding takes 2 to 3 minutes you can see it 's nice and smooth everything is mixed together , taste it to make sure you like the taste , you might think you need to add a little salt to it or more garlic if you like it spicier , but that 's how it should look .
KBLe63jBujw ok , the first thing that we deal with in the yellow belt criteria , are attacks from behind . ushiro tekubi tori . ushiro means behind , tekubi is wrists that are held behind the back , basically . so , ushiro tekubi tori is two hands held behind the back . we do this two ways , statics to learn it , and then in motion . so in static , the first thing i tell people from this position is do n't let your person pull you back off balance . drop your center , bring your hands slightly forward . you 'll notice that i 'm standing in a stance , kanme , or hanme , my left foot is forward . i never stand with my legs like this because he can push me forward , or pull me back , it does n't really matter . one way or the other . so my left foot is forward . the first thing that i do for ushiro tekubi tori kokyunage , is i leave this hand down . this hand turns in front of me , notice i do n't try to raise my arm up , because i do n't have any strength this way . i rotate it in front of me . i follow the direction of my hand up , and i just pivot just like this . all i do now is step , and drop my arms . true , this looks a little goofy , and most people are not going to attack you like this on the street , but this teaches you some very good principles of learning to split the person 's energy . his mind can only really work in one way , one time . and with neko it probably works less than that . but , for a normal person , up and down , spread the person out , and cut them down . one more time . one , two , three . in motion , it looks like this . he moves around , i blend with him , up , down , and around . it 's very important to blend with this attack ; do n't become rigid and have him pull you off balance . relax . as he comes around , i step with him , then i turn and close the door , projecting him forward . one , two , three .
tUhmMQcA_Rk hi ! i 'm jennifer cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to clean your microwave from the inside out . from the microwave , we 're not moving over to the sink where we 're going to clean the different components of the microwave starting with the glass turn table . for washing the glass turn table , this is going to be very easy . all you need is to wet it down in the sink . use your regular dishwashing detergent and sponge to gently clean it off . if you have something that is baked on like we 've got this little piece right here . go ahead and use gentle scrubbing of it with your sponge . if you have an abrasive sponge , steel wool , you do not want to use anything that abrasive on your turn table or for most things that you 'll be cleaning . make sure it gets a good scrubbing both top and bottom . of course , be careful since this is glass . if you have anything that got down to the bottom of your microwave , then you might have some residue down around here where it collected . this one is fine . you 're just going to rinse it off and let it dry . the turn table is one of the easiest parts of the microwave to clean . even if you 're not getting your microwave cleaned as frequently as you should , at least getting the turn table clean on a regular basis will make your microwave seem much cleaner . this is also where the majority of spills should be taking place . if you have exploding food , of course , that 's going to go everywhere . anything which spills is probably going to be caught . you see it has a little lip around the edge here . that will help keep spills in check . we 're just going to let this dry putting it off to the side , and then we 'll be ready for the next step .
N-fvCE16bmA another variation of the butterfly is commonly known as the wave , although it is also referred to as many other names , depending on who you talk to . there 's also many variations of how this move is done , but basically it 's a low , version of the butterfly , back and forth , behind the body . so now we are entering in , the plain that is behind us as well , as in front of us . another way to do it is , like this , behind the shoulders . so in order to understand how this move is done , as always , break it down to one side at a time . swinging the poi , in front and behind you . notice that the poi is moving in same direction , this way , behind me and in front of me . both sides , and then together , one at a time . my wrists , moves the poi behind me .
e8g3nCt4pUk okay here 's the cha cha pattern on the drum set with accented eighths on the ride cymbal . okay let 's break this down a little bit . with the left hand we have a conga pattern , cross stick and then doubles on the toms coinciding . of course this starts on beat two , on beat one we have the first bass drum . followed by also on the and of two , and notice in the second measure we just play on the and of two . and then just let 's add some accented eighths on the ride .
V34ws0sNRIo alice monsaert : this exercise is going to target the hamstrings which , again , are the back of the thigh . so lying in a supine position , which means face up , place the heels on top of the ball , and the arms could just rest gently to the side , i 'm going to be pushing down with my heels , driving my heels through the ball , as i extend the ball out and , particularly , when i pull the ball in . so if you can see , i 'm rolling from heel to toe . so the resistance is coming right now as i 'm pushing down and i 'm targeting the hamstrings right here . pulling the ball in , so that 'd be level one position . level two , we 're going to add a hip extension to the exercise , and then i lower . so as the heels come in , i lift the hips high , and then let the hips drop down . so we 're adding another muscle group to the exercise , hamstrings and glutes . level three would be to lift the hips before the action starts , so i 'm lifting , stabilizing , and then , rolling the ball in and pressing out . it takes a little while to build the strength to get here so take it one step at a time , and then , if you want the super challenge for the hamstring , lift , extend one leg up , and roll the ball in . again , you will not have to do many repetitions till you feel the fatigue in the hamstrings .
TkfelMDYSPk hi ! i 'm charles connelly . i am a state certified fire-fighter and on behalf of expert village , this is basic fire safety . when practicing your annual fire drill , you should remember the importance of preparation . certain things you should remember is having a flashlight nearby your bed because when smoke happens , it could be really dark . as any electronic device , you should always check that the batteries work annually or maybe semi-annually . another thing that you should keep in mind is the seriousness of a fire . maybe you should have the time to talk to your children about how feeling fire is a very serious matter and should only be done in serious cases as a true emergency . other things to keep in mind is to alert the household members would be whistles or other such powerful devices so that everybody can wake up if they were sleeping during this time of need . remember that fires are a very serious matter and your children should be able to take care of themselves as well as to alert everybody in the household . children should not be relying on just the parents but should be able to visit the building on their own and alert everybody in the household just as well as any other adult .
mr816yysv0U my name is scott mckay and today we are shooting here from mckay 's hedge row . we are standing in front of the american fort right now . we are going to talk about paintball fields and size and some of the things you need to have a good paintball field . you need a good safe area where people can go and take their masks off , look at their guns and make sure everything is working right , cool down , eating a snack , access to water is always good and if not bring coolers of water . you do n't need anyone getting sick . we have two separate safe areas . we have the first safe area which we park our vehicles in and the second safe area is more of a staging area once we decide what kind of game we are going to play . we come out in to that area and if you get out you go back to the safe area and wait for everybody else . it is always good to let your neighbors know what you are doing so they wo n't call the cops on you . you need to know that your field is large enough so that no stray paintballs are going to enter in anyone 's direction that is not playing the game . i recommend do n't play in the cities unless it is a sanctioned field . this piece of property is about twelve and a half acres and it has two good size , two story forts on it . work with what you 've got i mean this place did n't really have a whole lot going for it when we first started but through the hard work of many people who love the game you see stuff like this popping up all the time so a good size field always helps . a wooded area , we like playing in the woods ball and scenario and if that is not your thing you can play inflatable bunkers and play in a nice back lot but well moved . whatever you do keep it safe , know your guns if you are not going to play a normal field , keep your guns under 300 feet per second . always require masks on the field . a good thing to keep you covered is liability forms . you can talk to a lawyer and get some simple liability forms drawn out and keep everybody out of trouble .
futQFH7x-Mw hi , my is susan jacobs a personal style image consultant and i 'm here today on behalf of expert village to talk about dressing the petite body . in this segment we 're going to talk about pants and pants width . now , my model is wearing a beautiful pair of trouser pants . a trouser pant is a nice slim fitting jean . these are denim , you may not be able to see that but they 're a denim jean , they 're long and they 're slim . these are not the skinny jean but this is a work appropriate pant that you can dress up or down and it 's tapered but not skinny . the pointy shoe looks the best , again because anytime your eye follows a vertical line down to a `` v '' it adds height , so that 's what works best with this type of pant . although many petites do n't think that they can wear the skinny pant , you can . the key to wearing the skinny jean or the skinny tapered jean is to wear height , it 's absolutely necessary to have a heel that is thin with a pointy front , not a round toe because round adds pounds . so yes you can wear the skinny jeans , but make sure you wear it with height and a little point .
M8wPAcP5fbU this is the third part of the 24 yang style tai chi . we left off at high pat on horse . we 're going to move onto a series of kicks . one of my favorite moves is strike tiger 's ears . we pivot , kick left . then , the move is called creep low like snake to golden wrist , stands on one leg . we do it on the other side , to fair lady work shadows right , fair lady work shadows left , push needle to sea bottom , fan through the back , deflect hairy and punch , and then we finish with the closing of tai chi . that is the end of 24 yang style tai chi .
fxQw0YhBlZo hi , my name is don snyder , executive director of the national skeet shooting association , on behalf of expertvillage.com . one of the things we want to talk to you about is carrying and handling your shotgun while on or in and around a skeet field . one of the things , as we mentioned earlier , is that you always have to be conscious of , is the muzzle and where it is pointed . one of the things that we suggest is that you always have control of the muzzle and of the shotgun . the actions are always open , always open . now when carrying a shotgun in and around a shotgun range , what we suggest is that you can take your arm , put it right up underneath , and carry the shotgun like this . but as you see , you have absolute control of that muzzle , always have control ; you can see where it is . one of the other things that you can do , if this is not comfortable for you , you can actually take and drop it over your shoulder and now you can grab the muzzle or up here at the forearm and you can carry it , but you have absolute control of the muzzle . one of the things that you do n't want to do , and you 'll see people sometimes they 'll take a shotgun and they 're out in the field and their hunting it , but you have no control of the muzzle . you do n't know where that muzzle is going to be pointed . you do n't want to see , and people on the skeet field for obvious safety reasons , do n't want to see the muzzle not under control . this is an automatic , or a semi-automatic shotgun that 's used a lot in skeet shooting . so again , always have control of the shotgun . you can carry it like so , you can carry it balanced under the arm , you can carry it over the shoulder , but always have control of the muzzle . another common shotgun that is used in skeet shooting is the over and under . and when you 're carrying an over and under on a skeet field , the thing that you want to do is always make sure that it is broken open . and again , you can carry it much like the other one , like so ; you have absolute control of the muzzle . you can drape it over the shoulder like so where you have absolute control over the muzzle . one of the things that you never want to see on a fixed action shotgun like this is the action closed . if you 're walking around like this , nobody knows that it 's unloaded . it 's very , very dangerous . even the handler , a lot of times , does n't even know that it 's unloaded . so it always must be broken open , again . and when you carry an over and under shotgun , always have control of the muzzle end of the shotgun , not like so , not with the barrels over the shoulder like so , you do n't have control . always have control of the muzzle of the shotgun .
LJe-Zm4BnVg to keep your pet healthy many veterinarians recommend a general de-worming protocol , so every three to six months , they recommend that you get a de-worming pill from the veterinary office and de-worm your cat . most of those pills with take care of round worms and tape worms , intestinal parasites that we 've talked about in a previous segment . but there are other parasites that are one celled parasites such as toxidia , sometimes hookworms will get into cats and we ca n't necessarily treat those with that de-worming , standard de-worming protocol , so it 's important for you to periodically submit a fecal sample . if your cat has been having some soft stool or diarrhea , you 'd want to collect that portion of the feces for your veterinarian to take and you just collect about that much on the spoon , half a teaspoon or so is probably plenty . if your cat has normal stool , then you would just kind of take an end of it , and you can get it in a zip lock bag , just any clean zip log bag will do , you can dump the whole thing in there if you like , because if you do n't want to touch it . seal it up , and then bring it to your veterinary office in less than 24 hours so that they can check the feces under the microscope for any parasites .
lGdf9eyJai8 the next thing is drinking a lot of water . my personal belief with what i 've studied is that most of the drinks that we are drinking on a daily basis are actually dehydrating us and we 're drinking them instead of water . so there 's things you can do in your company in your corporate headquarters such as having water coolers , bottled water , whatever . and it needs to be water without chlorine by the way because these chemicals are part of the major problem with health . but water is the thing that god really gave us to flush the system . and our cells need to be hydrated and if they 're not hydrated what happens is the body starts pulling the water out of the cells . a lot of the times the migraine headaches that your employees are getting is simply because they 're getting way to much caffeine or too much sugar which is dehydrating them and they 're not drinking nearly enough water . you 're talking pretty much sixty four ounces of water a day . so how are you doing on that mr. chief executive ? are you setting an example by drinking five , ten cups of coffee a day or are you actually , do you have your water bottle and you 're demonstrating something . we try to work with you to install the things that are going to make the difference .
MZqfAMAIdJQ in this clip , we 're going to be talking about multi-point systems . now , in some indoor leagues , they have more than just the three red lines . they 'll have like an extra rim , which is pretty similar to maybe a three point line in basketball . so it 's going to be further away from the goal and much harder to score . but they 'll award you possibly an extra goal for scoring from out there . also to remember that if you are playing coed , that some places will determine that a girl 's goal will be worth two goals and a guy 's goal will be only worth one . so remember to keep your female players up front and towards the opponent 's goal . because their goals will be worth more and if you can put your females in scoring position , the odds are , you 'll probably win the game . in this clip , we 're going to be talking about accessories . now , some indoor facilities do n't really regulate what you 're allowed to wear and what you 're not allowed to wear . but , it 's highly recommended that you do n't wear any form of jewelry , whether it is wrist bracelets , ear rings , necklaces . because those could be tugged on or grabbed during the game and could cause harm to someone else or yourself . now , say that you have an injury that requires a cast , or a sling , or some sort of support . a lot of times people will not let you play with a cast unless there is foam covering over the cast so it does n't hurt anybody if they are hit by it . also , the same applies for braces and whatnot . they just want to make sure that its soft all around the edges and there 's no metal sticking out , because it does n't feel very good getting hit by metal if you 're running to a soccer ball the same time somebody else is and you run onto each other . so , again a lot of places do n't regulate it , but to be safe you want to make sure all those hard plastic , metal things are covered . you want to make sure all the jewelry comes off .
KEnDO5HEN-M hi , i 'm emily larew . we 're continuing on with our tap combination for beginners . we 're going to start with counts one through four . so we just did our heel , bow , whack , we can up down , we 're going to stomp on our left foot towards the wall . alright , in our direction . so , if we 're facing the audience , it will be stage right , so we 're going to stomp towards stage right . and eight , you 're going to stomp . one , you 're going to scuff , and half step , hop , step . so good , try that again . we have stomp , scuff , hop , step . and as you can tell , i 'm making sure every one of my sounds even the hop , is clear , alright . seven and eight , we have one , and two , and what you 're going to do is take that left foot , you 're going to scrape on the inside of the tap , outside of the tap , stomp it down , alright . so when i flopped it , my ankle gives a little flop , my right leg is bent , my left leg is straight . so i 'm going to go in , out , stomp . good . and i just want you to swivel your arms left , right , hah , alright . good , so put that together . seven and eight , we have one , and two , and three , and four . good , one more time . six , seven , eight , one , and two , and three , and four . good , from the top . six , seven , and one , two , three , four , five , six , and seven , and eight . a one , and two , and three , and four , five , six , seven , and eight . one and two , and three , and four , and five , six , seven , and eight . one , and two , and three , and four . good . that was the very next part of your beginning tap combination .
-BUCeG1IbFU in the next clip , let 's look and see how we start to move the arms curving space correctly . we 're starting with the spanish fifth position , with the arms turn back a little bit more in an exaggerated style , keep your tail bone tucked under , keep your shoulders back and down . take the right arm and very slowly start to move the arm down to what i call spanish second position . notice that my elbow is sticking it , and that the elbow is higher than the wrist , and the wrist is higher than my fingers . as i carved through the space , i come down to the first position , i keep the elbow sticking out so that as i start to return to fifth , i let the upper arm lead , the elbow sticking out and the last part of the arm to con-finish the movement would be the fingers . i can repeat this on the left side , bringing the arm down , down , down and up .
rRmwR7qck9I hello , my name is nicole valentine and on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk to you about how to coordinate birthday games for a birthday party . just like the sign here says above , winners work together . at every birthday party you want to make the birthday guest they 're like winners , feel like they 're special . to start off with , give each birthday guest a name tag and have them write something creative about them on the name tag . so maybe that can start off a conversation . then when all the birthday guest arrive , have them introduce themselves and tell how they know the special person 's day . that can start another conversation as well . then you always want to be aware during games , especially for younger ones , some birthday guest may tend to get a little sad or feel like they 're not included , so always keep your eyes open for birthday guest who feel like they been left out . then before each person leaves , you want to make sure they have some type of party favor or gift to take home with them . keep in mind , you want everyone to feel special , almost like it 's kind of their day too and always have fun .
IBb0Nlppm6M hi , my name is natalja from the red brick cafe and on behalf of expertvillage.com , we 're gon na learn how to make espresso flavored drinks with care and excellence . so , let 's begin with the basics . grinding is a very important part of espresso making . the first thing you want to make sure is that you have fresh beans , because otherwise you 're not going to get the optimal taste in freshness that good espresso requires . so you just want to fill it up just to how much you 're gon na use it that day . secondly , you want to make sure that your grinds are fine , but still have a bit of coarseness to them . now to set your grind , there 's usually a lever on the side of the grinder you can adjust . the last part is that you have to make sure that you fill up your porta filter above the rim . as you see , i have a little mountain here . the next thing you want to do is get rid of some of the grinds and a lot of people use their fingers , but i like to use the lid . go straight across . make sure there 's no extra coffee that can go plug your espresso machine . and now we 're ready for tapping .
f4PjTHg2230 emil lamprecht : the next trick i 'm going to show you is called `` splits . '' now , this is something that comes from having practiced columns . it is very important to get good at columns before you do this , especially good at switching columns like so . now , `` splits '' is literally splitting the pattern in half . what you 're going to be doing is throwing two balls on one side , switching , and throwing two balls on this side . the best way to get into this is , is from a columns pattern like so , and then to throw them in the sides like that . for some performers , this is a favorite for a club trick , but it is much easier to learn the club version if you can get the ball version down . it takes a lot of practice and i personally still have trouble with this trick , but it is vey effective and very visual . eventually , if you want to get really fancy and can control the splits very well , you could even cross them on each side so you 're holding two separate crossing patterns . good luck .
U9CEd_CdK2o hi , i 'm dr. garrett smith for expert village and this exercise we 're about to cover now is called lunges to the rear , or rear lunges , or backwards lunges . it 's an exercise where we 're going to stay in one place , we 're going to be stepping backwards , the opposite of our front lunges . lunges to the front stepping forward , lunges to the rear we 're stepping back . get your stance . make sure there 's nothing behind you , we do n't want to be stepping into anything . we step back , and down , and forward . this one involves a bit more of a push off the back leg to come back into position . all the other rules for lunges apply . we want our feet like this , we do n't want them on one track or you 'll lose your balance . again , at the bottom body straight up and down , shins vertical , thighs vertical . this really , actually , gives you a nice quadriceps step if you do them right . one of the major benefits of the 'rear lunge ' is it does n't put as much stress on the front knee as lunges to the front do . when you go to a front lunge and you do this , your front leg has to stop you which means that there 's more pressure in the knee . when you 're going to the back , all your front leg has to do is just lower you down . so if you 've had knee problems or if your doctor tells you to watch it with your knees , you might want to try the rear lunge first with this warning . you 're doing lunges backwards when you 've never done them before . just take care in that manner . they 're a great exercise . try them out .
o0SQ4Eto6dE on behalf of expert village , my name is kendall james . i am the quarterback for the knights of miami semi pro team and today i am going to teach you how to play quarterback . okay this is another drill that we do and is similar to the one before but this time you put your right leg down , your left leg up . as a right handed person it would seem more easier for me now to throw the ball but as a left handed quarterback , it is a little more difficult just like it was for the right hand quarterback with the left leg down . so right now we are going to do the same thing . we are going to emphasize the trunk turn . turn trunk , throw . we 've got to turn , throw . there you go . when you get that ball , turn that trunk . throw . there you go . you 've got to make sure you emphasize on the turn the trunk . it is very very important .
ewlC0u9_Q5s okay , the first thing i 'm going to show you today is how to make your own veil before we begin belly dancing . how to make your own veil is very simple . what you want to do is you want to go to the store , any fabric store , and you want a cut about 2 1/2 to 3 yards material . what you want to do is make sure you can get your arms at full extension and then you want to have about 8 , 10 inches hanging from each arm , you want a little ever flow from each side . and that 'll be a proper length . each person has a little bit different length , depending on their length of their arms . so your veil should be able to hold behind you and still have a little bit ever drop down each side . should be between 2 1/2 and 3 yards . and then what you can do is when you 're home , when you get home , you can sew a little tiny hem around the whole entire veil to hem it off , so it does n't fray or anything like that . so on this one , we have a little tiny hem . and then to dress up your veil a little bit more , again with the same material , this is chiffon , you can also add on a hem . and with the hem , you can add on a fabric to finish , some kind of garnish that you want on to it , you can add some beading on to it , some ribbon , anything you want to do , that , just dress it up just a little bit , maybe to match your costumes . another kind of veil you can buy is silk . silk almost completely different than chiffon . silk veil is very very fragile also . you 're only get a little bit of hem on this and silk is going to move much differently than chiffon . but that 's another example of veil that you can get . again , 2 1/2 to 3 yards of fabric and add anything to the trim that you like .
fu8fvlzbh_E hey everybody , don golden for expert village and let 's move on with the shower project . we 've just taken off the valve and now i want to show you the real crucks of our problem is right here . this is called your water cartridge and this is right here , is what we need to replace . this controls the rate and the temperature mixture and water flow inside of this valve . you 've got the cold on this side and the hot on this side and the way it works is that it seeps up against here and when this twists it lets a certain amount , i 'm sorry , it goes this way . here 's the intake so your valve sits this way and when this twists , you have a hot and cold on this and it regulates the amount of each when it is turning . our problem right now is that these rubber o-rings are probably little bit worn just slightly and that is why you get a little bit of a drip . so when that happens , you 've got to replace the whole cartridge . so now some of the manufacturer 's make new o-rings and just replace this ring , this ring and these two rings . this manufacturer does n't so i had to go out and spend $ 20 for a new one instead of about 18 cents , oh well .
eznCl-PjDc0 when selecting a telescope for astronomy , aperture is actually the most important feature , you want to consider . now , aperture , is a fancy word for the light gathering ability of your telescope . how much light it can soak up , how big your lens or your mirror may be , in this case . the light gathering ability of the telescope , is important , because that 's what makes those distant objects , seem a bit brighter , those dim fuzzies that we look for . you see further back in time , if you will , with a larger aperture telescope . the magnification that you 'll get with your telescope , will also depend on the aperture here , but typically seeing conditions permit that we use right about a hundred magnifications , or so , kind of a sweet spot for astronomy , and i say that though , even though a big scope like this , is capable of much more magnification , than the little guy i 've got right here . typically , my seeing conditions outside do n't allow me to do more than about , i 'm going to say , a hundred and twenty , a hundred and fifty magnification , with any of the instruments that i have here , and one of the reasons is , that our location here in anacortes , where it 's sea level . we 've got ten thousand feet of atmosphere to focus through , so as i increase the magnification , i 'm increasing everything i 'm looking through , as well . plus the jet stream is above us , so no matter if i take out the bigger scopes , you 've seen here earlier , or one of these little guys here . maybe the eight or the ten . i 'm going to say about one twenty magnification , is going to be about the high end , and i 'll probably settle in right about eighty magnification , or so . as a rule of thumb , these telescopes , will give you fifty magnification per inch of aperture , but you really need ideal conditions , to do that kind of magnification . while these little guys here are ideal for lunar and planetary viewing , if you want to see deep sky objects , objects that are further out in our milky way galaxy , or even beyond the galaxy , a dobsonian such as this , of six inches of aperture or greater , is an ideal place to get started . you 'll see super nova . you 'll see globular clusters . the open clusters are beautiful through such a telescope , and you really need at least six inches , i feel , to start bringing in the deep sky objects . we 'll qualify that a little bit later , by talking about your seeing conditions , and what kind of area you view in , but typically , a six inch dobsonian , eight inch dobsonian , very cost effective , and very good for pulling in deep sky objects , and still portable , and easy to take in and out , as well .
O0PRYd_ULvE chest , shoulders , and back with a strap . you want to choose a strap that is not stretching but is firm and you just take that strap between your hands and lift the strap right up . when you hold on to that strap you are not pulling on the strap you just lightly hold it so there is no stress on the hand or the shoulder . let the strap slide between the hands as you go right down behind you , reaching out with the hands . now control it with the breath breathing deep through your nose as you go all the way up . and if it touches the top of the head bring your hands closer together and then exhale and bring that right down in front of you . inhale deep through your nose as you reach straight up high and then exhale through your nose and reach all the way back behind you . inhale deep through your nose as you reach up high and exhale and bring that right down in front of you . controlling each move with the breath , inhaling and exhaling . now you are opening up chest muscles , arm muscles , shoulder muscles . bring it all the way up and you are working back muscles and shoulder muscles , connecting back , shoulders , and chest , inhale deep and exhale release down . just feel the breath as you connect with your whole body , inhaling and exhaling and inhaling one more time come all the way up , exhaling go all the way down and then inhaling returning back up and exhaling release down and just shake it right off .
IJI9OcO0FDU hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village , and today we 'll be talking about making sweet potato and squash vegetarian lasagna . now we 're going to go ahead and get our dried seasoning together . you need about a 1/4 tablespoon of salt . i like to use kosher salt . you need a half teaspoon , about 1 to 2 pinches , of thyme . you can use fresh thyme if you want to , but right now we do n't have any around . about the same amount of oregano . maybe a little bit more . then half a teaspoon of black pepper .
OMEzZCPQqXs hi this is ginny with simply beautiful crafts on behalf of expert village . another unique sound filter inside a rain stick is chicken wire . if you happen to have some extra lying around this makes a unique filter , and it stays inside in there . it leaves the outside of your rain stick smooth . you want to take some chicken wire , and you want to cut it about as wide as the opening of your rain stick . so you , you judge how many across that would be . use wire cutters or scissors and cut your chicken wire . once your chicken wire is cut , you have a strip of chicken wire , and you 're going to simply insert it into the tube . now , as it goes into the tube you may have to squeeze your tube to get it to fit . and you kind of want to twist it as it goes so that it will be spiraling inside of your tube and do a better job of filtering . sometimes you may have to bend the wire up or down . but it does n't matter because the whole idea is to have a filter that the , that the filler will filter through as it goes . you could also make another tube of this chicken wire if you wanted to so that you would have even more of a filter as you 're filling whatever it is goes through it . so you kind of have to play with it a little bit . make sure it 'll fit inside of your tube because you ca n't reach up in and pull it . so you insert your chicken wire in your tube . and if it 's , if it 's difficult you can also put a string or something on the end and stick it through so can help to pull it through if it gets stuck as it 's going through . once your chicken wire is in place all the way through , you 're going to want to look at that end . make sure that it is the way you want it to be coming through . and then you want to cap off one end . and then you 'll be ready to either fill it or decorate it before you put a cap on the other end . and that 's how you can use chicken wire as another kind of filter for your rain stick .
zzo6B3VV5ks well now that we 've brought the kids back inside and we 're trying to warm them back up and give them a little bit of a treat , we are going to make something called maple snow taffy . in order to make maple snow taffy you have to heat up 100 % maple syrup . it has to be 100 % pure maple syrup . you 're going to heat that up basically slowly till it gets to the point to where it is boiling . as you can see that 's probably a good amount , i think we 're probably going to be making two different little servings of the snow taffy , so that should work nicely for it . as far as the brand , it does n't matter , you can use whatever brand you 'd like or if you have a particular favorite but it does need to be 100 % maple syrup . okay , as you can see here we 've got the maple syrup coming to a boil now . so it 's boiling pretty nicely , turn the stove off . we have transfer the snow from the baking try and put it into some bowls right here and the kids are wanting to watch this . you just of course want to make sure they are a safe distance away because of the pan being so very hot . as i put the hot maple syrup in with the snow , it 's of course melting the snow and it should make for a consistency that is kind of like a slush , that 's what it looks like . so i 'll let the kids give it a try and see if they like it . here guys try it out . see what it taste like , tell us what you think . mmm . taste like snowy maple syrup ? yes .
gMl0CV6QweM hi , my name is michael lewis , from christian martial arts . we 're talking about how to spin around a bo staff . there 's many , many different ways to spin a bo staff around , so you ca n't really hold yourself to one . the best thing to do is go out into your backyard , just start experimenting around with this , and see what really works for you . to start out with a few basics , obviously , just something that is really not practical , but it just looks cool . you can add it in to your forms , or into your cottas , or anything that you make up , is just to take the bo staff , spin it around , and take one hand off , catch it on the other side , and just continue to flip , left or right hand , whichever you start out with . i 'm starting with my left hand here , and just flipping it around . just make sure you keep it near the center . if you get off and you start sliding down , which is very easy , your weight is going to be unevenly distributed , and you could possibly lose your bo staff . another way , adding in strikes into spinning your bo staff , is to take , have the left hand palm down , the right hand palm up . what i do , is i take it , i spin it around , to where my arms are crossed , but then i lay it up against my body , to the side , and that 's actually a strike in of itself , but then you can turn that , into a spin , by taking it , uncrossing your arms , changing your hands positions , so now your right hand is palm down , left hand palm up . spin it to cross your arms , and lay it down , so if you put it all together , you just go back and forth , just like that . if you want to get a little bit more intricate with that , you 'd begin to scoop . you take your hands , same position , right hand palm up , left hand palm down . cross it around and lay it up against your body , and what you do , is you scoop down , change your hands , and now you scoop down to the other side , and it 's actually a continuous spinning of the bo staff . you just have to learn to change your hands at the right time , and make sure that you 're staying in the center of the bo staff , so those are just two or three basic ways , to be able to spin your bo staff around , and get started . again , experiment with it . go out into your backyard , and give it a try .
fDWVOauNDhs david a. clemen : okay , so we got our panel , we got our topstitch , and it 's not perfectly smooth and everything , but after you do all your topstitching and pressing , it 's not a bad idea to go ahead and just re-iron the fabric . get the last little bit of wrinkles out , and the remaining wrinkles , if there are any , when we stretch the canvas , that will actually pull the fabric really tight , and you 'll see that there really are n't any wrinkles on this one . it kind of stretches the fabric to its amazing smooth finish . so , i 'm just going to finish ironing this , and then once you get that area , just set your iron to the side and you can slide it back . just keep this here . keep your cord out of the way 'cause that will add wrinkles . look at that . let 's get that side , and you can just come back and get this end . start that way again . and i 'm ironing on the inside because the seams are there . so , all right ; we 're ready for the next step .
edg_ScPwPNQ hi , my name is tim cole with the austin reptile service . i 've been keeping reptile amphibians for over forty years , i 'm here to talk to you about keeping gray tree frogs . gray tree frogs are native to , basically , the eastern half of the us and they are common mostly in the northeast , i live in austin and we actually do have those here . they 're not as common as when i used to find them up in illinois but these are a frog that can get up to three inches long and they have orange back legs and , as the name applies , they are gray but they can also turn green . their heavy bodied frogs and during the day they usually spend their time in a place that 's shaded and cool , they come out at night to feed , they come out at night to breed . they do have the sticky toe pads that tree frogs are known for . i 've known quite a few that will live in potted plants and then they would come out of these plants at night to feed and look for food . they make fairly good pets and , like most frogs , they do n't like to handled but their fun to watch so i would say treat them like tropical fish , set them up , feed them and they 'll be perfectly happy .
fJ7AwuRKuW4 in this segment , we 're going to work on that same idea as we did in the last , using the six harmonies with an arm lock . but we 're going to do it as a partner exercise , to not only learn how to do this movement , but if done correctly with really nice intent , it 's actually a really great stretch and movement exercise for each partner . and learning how to listen . so if ray locks me up here , and then i do my movement , i come around , and now i keep coming around , keep coming around , i get him in the situation , then he pulls his hips under , comes around , gets me . i pull my hips under , i rotate my hand , rotate my arms , stretching . here is a good stretch for him , right ? i 'm pulling his wrist up , pushing his elbow down , rotating his arm . now if he pulls his hips underneath him , rotates his hips and shoulder , then it 's good for his body . and again , see this is actually a good stretch . if he has bad intent , he 's going to pop my shoulder or break my elbow or my wrist , but now i 'm feeling stretch in a way that i normally would n't get to feel . so now as i come up , i come around , he 's listening to my movement , listening to my movement and he gets the same stretch . so it 's a really great partner exercise that you can go back and forth with .
ehYWvAC2vXc back in nineteen-ninety-six , when i first started racing supercross , pretty much all you had to do to get your supercross license was fill out a paper and send in a bunch of money . they gave it to anybody and everybody . nowadays it 's not quite so easy . the first step in getting your supercross license is actually getting your motocross license . there are several series you can ride to accumulate points to get your motocross license . there is also the ama national arenacross series which will give you points to earn not only your motocross license but you can also earn your supercross license directly through that . if you have your motocross license and your planning on trying to race supercross the following year . you need to go out and get top twenty in one of the ama professional motocross races which will earn you one point for the following season . then you will be awarded your supercross license . the only other way to get a supercross license would be do the national arenacross series and either win an event or finish top five in the series . which is a pretty tall order because there are a lot of ex-supercross racers and very , very good riders in their own right , racing that series . if your interested in attaining your supercross license , the best place to start is with the ama , the america motorcyclist association . you can reach them at one eight hundred ama join and get kind of a rule book and all the statistics , a series schedule for all the qualifier races . they have qualifier races pretty much all over . they are all ama sanctioned events . there 's regional qualifiers for the laredo land dude ranch amateur national . there are several series that are just dedicated points earning series that will let you attain your motocross license and give you that opportunity to earn an outdoor point , therefore , gain your supercross license . so it 's a long and rocky road to get there . when you do get there , your racing with , you know , the best riders in the world and some of the coolest tracks and the nicest stadiums you can imagine . it 's definitely worth the trouble . you put in your work and you know , someday you might be racing against james stewart and chad reed and hopefully , still ryan clark .
uiFiaW5uOVk okay . now we 're going to put just a short but more complicated course together . what we 'll do is we will start left-handed , we will canter our crossrail , turning , making a circle almost to the oxer , coming back to the crossrail , and once again riding that bending line over the pink vertical . and , what we should see as we start to do more complex courses , is that the horse starts to wait for you to tell them where they 're going to go after each fence because it becomes more complicated .
Jm0ZHzsP4K0 we 're talking about hunting with shotguns today , and this section is about what type of clothing you might want to wear , while you 're out hunting . the first thing to talk about as far as clothing is concerned , again goes back to safety , and it goes also to the law , at least here in the state of michigan . in michigan , a hunter with any type of weapon , is required to wear , any type of shotgun or gun i should say , is required to wear a article of clothing that 's hunter orange , this bright orange , that 's visible from all directions . i 'm not aware of a limit , as far as the size . what i understand is that it has to be visible from all directions , and this really is in your best interest . in that , other hunters can see you in the woods , and it reduces the danger to you , as far as someone accidentally discharging a weapon in your direction . here you can see right now , if you will , that i have on a bright orange cap , my hunter orange , and i have on a coat that used to be worn anyway , by the deer hunters here in the state of michigan . this is an old style wool coat , still very comfortable , and it 's actually pretty nostalgic to go out and sit in the woods with this .
sqt61tuozbs so if you are living in a multiple dog household and you got one or two dogs that jump . so if you got a puppy that you are introducing to the household and you want to teach them how to jump it is important that you work with one dog at a time . you can see here we got 3 dogs if they where all jumpers then i would n't be able to control any one dogs little along 3 dogs behavior . so even though it might be inconvenient it is very important that you work with one dog at a time that might mean that you might have to separate them 4 times when you are entering the house . there is a couple of times when jumping is most likely to occur and that is when your coming into the house if you have been out or if you are coming into a room that dogs hang out in . so it is important that you actually keep them separated so you can work with one dog at a time . we are just going to try walking around and seeing how these guys go whether they would actually jump or not . hey muffin how are you doing , how are you doing are you going to jump up up . there you go well she did that as a indentation . okay so just kind of mellow around a little bit okay guys everyone up lets go . hey guys lets go this way , good job , raven , munchiken good girl , come over his way . alright so these guys are n't jumping actually they are more interesting in playing with each other but you can see if they where they would all try and jump up on me this moment i would be able to do anything to control them . what we are going to do next is we are actually going to take a look at doing a entrance working at the door and we would do it both way we would do it once with the three dogs and then we would do it one with one dog .
kusQ49owYe4 ben anderson : hi . i 'm ben anderson with expert village , and i 'm here today to talk to you about playing chords on a keyboard . a lot of people have a lot of the misconception that a lot of keyboardist will play style that was really popular in the '70s with the hammond b-3 organ where a lot of players would do a lot of quick fingering on the keyboard and will play fast trills or fast moving notes ; they would solo a lot , and not all keyboardists have to do that . in fact , when i play keyboard , most of the time , i sit and i play chords . with most people i think of when they hear about keyboards especially from back in the day , they hear more melodic , sounding stuff that would sound something like this . that 's more of a lead sound , and you could use that if you we 're going to be soloing , but a lot of times keyboardists really do n't do that . and so , what i do is i will play a lot of chords , and that comes from years and years of practicing piano and keyboards , but there are many different chords that you can use . so , it 's important to decide what needs to fit into your piece , what needs to fit into your song . what other instruments are going along in your song ? how would that effect what i am playing ? it is important using chords especially since the role of the keyboard in contemporary music is mostly help support ... .
fwdKjUZqQqk in this clip we are going to do a one leg balance with rotation . now you want to step to where you feel like you are nice and stable on the balance trainer , body should be nice and relaxed , knees slightly bent , shoulders relaxed . you are going to start off with the basic option , you are going to come up on your toe , arms out to the side and for some people this is plenty of a challenge even just standing on the trainer . you are going to go ahead and rotate your torso and then come back to the level . you are going to be feeling this on the other side and feeling this in the obliques , the gluts , shoulders , forearms and the biceps . we are turning at that angle and bending the knees slightly . you may notice that one side of the body is a little more balanced than the other , that is kind of normal . rotate and bend . the other option would be when you are doing this exercise to have your leg a little bit higher off the trainer or you can take it out to the side while you are doing this exercise but we are just going to stick with the basic today . shoulders level , rotate and bend slightly and then come back to center . rotate .
f9dxGuvKxjU tip number 2 : size . when we 're considering the size of jewelry that we 're going to put on our client , the first thing we think of is the size of the person . measure your height and your weight and determine what your bone size is in relation to your body . this can help you figure out if you want a chunkier jewelry , a more delicate jewelry , or something in between . for larger women we recommend chunky jewelry to help proportionalize the body and give a slimming affect . for extremely petite women , they ca n't carry off chunky jewelry as well because it overwhelms them and makes them look like they 're drowning in their jewelry . so very petite women need to stay with a more delicate or chain oriented jewelry , for the most part . again this is not a hard and fast rule . it 's just a guideline to help you begin your selection . and for men we always recommend a chunkier , more solid form of jewelry because this almost always looks best with most men 's frames .
f77fpzLmCFk then , i ca n't teach you much about clock repair in a short clip , but we can talk for a minute about why a clock may not be running . seems , as i 'm doing clock repair work , people are often surprised , even angry , if their clock has stopped , and i ask : `` well , when 's the last time you had it serviced ? '' and : `` oh ! we 've never had to have this serviced . this clock 's been perfect for years . '' and , that explains why it stopped now . you ca n't , if you think about your car , you would n't brag about the fact that you have n't changed the oil in ten years . you , this clock is a machine , the same way other machines are , and they require service . in this case , particularly , it 's a fairly primitive machine , without sealed bearings , without a lot of fancy technology to keep it running , really unlike your refrigerator or , or other appliance in your house , which is of much more modern construction . they need service , and they will stop if they become dirty and worn , which is usually why they are n't running . you have with this here , where all of these shafts are turning inside , bearings which really are just holes drilled in the front plate of the movement . those holes can get worn egg-shaped just from the pressure and the dirt , and eventually , if they 're worn egg-shaped enough , the gears do n't mesh properly , the clock stops , and then someone like me has to do what 's called bushing , when you put a , a sleeve back in that worn bearing , so that it turns properly . also , too , just dirt builds up , and all of these bearings , they start out with just a little bit of oil , it 's open to the air , the oil dries , thickens , collects dirt , and you have too much friction for it to go . so , you talk about clock cleaning , but that really is n't as significant as what has to happen when a clock has to get taken apart , and deal with that wear and tear . the bigger issue to pendulum clocks is uneven ticking . i have a machine here that amplifies the tick . right now , even this is a little bit out beat , but probably still working . you listen closely , you hear a short and a long . i can make that worse by unleveling the clock . if i level it better , i get a nice , even tick . the clock 's in beat and it 'll keep running . many times , particularly with newer pendulum clocks , if they 're out of beat , that 's the only problem , and here you level the clock , or you injust , adjust it internally so the clock is ticking evenly .
ptzwGsV84bw in this segment i am going to talk about ball position . where you play the ball in your stance , is tremendously important . if you play the ball too far up , i 'm exaggerating , but if you play too far up , you have to make a compensation to hit the ball straight . if you play the ball too far back , you have to make a compensation to hit the ball straight . now those examples are exaggerated . subtle differences can also make a tremendous difference . in other words , if the ball is a little too far up , you might have to make compensation . if the ball is a little too far back you might have to make compensation . so the question is where you do put the ball , and the answer is where you would put the nail and the hammer . if we have a nail right here and there was a wall , and we hit this nail in . would we put that nail way up , would we put it way back , or would we put it , what we call , in a comfortable place ? similarly , we put this to the next level . if there was a nail down here , and i had my long hammer , would i put the nail here , would i put it here ? i would put it in a place that just feels naturally comfortable for me , to hit that nail straight in , so i feel good . i might have to experiment a little bit . i am learning where to put the ball by asking the question , where would i put the nail ? once i am visualizing this nail , even there is a ball . when i feel the same as the hammer and the nail , this is exactly where i should put it . ball position , ask the hammer and the nail .
hzkRU86N_V8 hello my name is sophia and i own a salon in austin , texas , sophia beauty and barber salon . we will demonstrate today how we shave or remove hair on arms . the best way we have to see how hair grows , which direction it grows . i see from this direction to this direction hair is growing . we could remove it with wax perfectly . we have wax here and i am going to apply a little bit on the spatula and apply to the hair growth direction perfectly and then put the cloth on it rub a little on it and that 's it . you are going to see how hair on the cloth and just pull out the cloth in the opposite direction of the hair growth . this is the best way to remove the hair or sometimes you could shave it if you want and it removes it temporarily . this is the best way to remove or shave the hair .
IPC0rFVRPzM before the use of papers in smoking tobacco , most americans used the simple corn cob pipe . smoking tobacco has progressed quite always since using the corn cob pipe . we 've come from roll your own tobacco in papers , to being able to roll your own with a machine , such as this zigzag machine . and now we even have a more advanced style , which is a empty tube filter . with an empty tube filter , we are able to use this new type of machine , to be able to load up a filtered cigarette with our own cheap , loose leaf tobacco , using one of these tubes . now to do this , we take our loose leaf tobacco , add a little bit of it into the center . spread it out evenly . compress the tobacco . add the tube . as simple as a quick slide . a little pinch to clean it up , and now we have our own filtered cigarette . many people enjoy a filtered cigarette over an unfiltered cigarette . filtered cigarettes tend to be a little less drastic of a smoke on your lungs , and they feel a little more at ease with smoking it . quite a few people do n't like , do n't care for spitting out the little bits of tobacco from an unfiltered cigarette . that is another complaint . i myself , enjoy a good filtered cigarette , but i also enjoy not spending my life savings on smoking a cigarette .
zD9SRTnV0R0 here we have one of our hookah pipes here at the hookah bar . by first glance you might look at this an think we 're doing something illegal over here . but no , this is a hookah . it 's been smoked in the middle east for about two thousand years now . they started out being made of wood and slowly it 's evolved in to what you see today . in the beginning they used it for hashish which is marijuana , and then it slowly went over to , i think they used opium at one point . but then about two hundred years ago , they smoothed over to what 's called shisha which is this fruit blend . it 's a fruit paste tobacco , which is why hookah 's so socially acceptable today . and that 's what they smoke over there in the middle east as well . all those other things have gone out the window a long time ago . o.k. , the different pieces of the hookah are , you have the stem , you 've got the base , you have the hose and you have the ashtray . and then you have the bowl and the shisha . and i 'm going to explain those in further detail .
exHJl9I98Vw all right folks , in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to draw an angel . just your basic angel , so we 'll start right here with his head . now , of course , he can be..just as easily a she as a he , although i do not even think that angels necessarily have a sex , per se . they 're just kind of generically known as being angels . but , we wo n't worry too much about that . so first we 'll start with his head , and i 'm just going to kind of draw a generic angel head here . come up here and draw the eyebrows . we have the face already . no need to go into a lot of detail . we wo n't ... .the trick when drawing these characters is to know where to really put the audience focus . and with an angel , we 're going to want , obviously , to make sure we do n't make his face distracting in any way . what we 're going to want to do is really call attention to this , his halo . that is your signature angel characteristic , and one that will obviously call attention to the fact that it is , in fact , an angel . so definitely make sure you get that part right . now the next bit we 're going to do is we 're going to work our way down the angel 's body . kind of move down to do his tunic , and one way that i might do this is kind of show that the tunic has folds to it by just kind of giving a light , sort of flowing motion down like this , and then coming to sort of an end there . and you can show the folds in the tunic , and maybe draw even a belt . so that we can clearly see ... and now i 'm going to draw the angel 's hands coming kind of right out to the side , almost ... .sort of looks like an angelic pose to me for some reason . i 'm not exactly sure why , but ... it seems a little angelic . so yeah . you can obviously pose him however you 'd like , him or her , however you 'd like to portray it . that would be a good start . so then what we 'll do is we 'll move down , and we 'll do a lower portion of the tunic , which again we 'll just sort of flow down and out . and what i will do actually sorta make it sort of a ... an odd , flowing shape . and then use your pen to come in and really draw in the folds and cloak . call , you know , just a little bit of attention , make it sort of a light , sort of a thing . and then finally the bottom . draw the feet , and we 'll actually draw this angel suspended in the air . so there we have his feet , and he will actually be flying , or floating , however you like to do it . now the most obvious other characteristic besides the halo will be the bit that we do right now , which is the wings . start with two golden arches , coming right out of the middle of his back just like that . come on down . and then what you 'll do is you 'll kind of progressively come in with the little lines along the bottom . so start with the furtherest feather , and then gradually work your way up to very angelic looking wings . and then the way that we kind of add some detail is we come up and do a line along the top . and then really show that these bottom feathers are the long ones by drawing lines up from the dips in the middle , just like that . and then , at this point you 're pretty good , but if you wanted to you could come in also and add some more layers , like , i would suggest maybe coming in , drawing a few extra feather layers just like this on top of each other , just like that . and that looks pretty angelic , just the wing span alone looks very angelic i would say .
f52nmALtvJE let 's talk about raising newborn puppies . there are two kinds of version of this situation . one is if you have a newborn puppy and a functional mother . but very often unfortunately there may be a newborn puppy that does n't have a mother . and so when you have a newborn with a mother , the mom generally is going to take over and raise that puppy as far as , you know , feeding it milk and that sort of thing . but most of the time what we 're facing and talking about here is when you have an orphan . and so when these guys are very small and of course just starting out in life , they 're very fragile . they need to be kept warm . they need to be kept stimulated from time to time also . and then they 're feed milk . you can get puppy milk replacer from your veterinarian and sometimes from pet stores with little feeding bottles . and so it will tell on those type ... on those bottles or on those cans how much to feed a puppy that 's newborn . they generally need to eat about every two to four hours depending on how fast they 're growing . they need that nutrition that often because they 're burning up so much energy by growing . generally speaking about four and a half to five weeks of age , you can start adding in like a wet food or a gruel type of food so they 're starting to eat solids . and then by six weeks of age , generally you 're starting to feed them regular puppy food . and then they 're good to go from there . but newborns need that especially for those first few weeks , that milk nutrition over and over and over because they 're burning up so much energy .
fxlUGDSIJ6U all right , now let 's talk about the recording rate . when you record any song , you want to record at forty-eight k twenty-four bit , that 's the minimum . now there 's high qualities , you have ninety-six k , i mean , this goes up , all the way up . but the best thing you want to do is forty-eight k. a lot of studios record at forty-four k but i suggest you record at forty-eight k because what happens is once you record the songs , they 'll render it down and put it on the cd , and that 'll be at forty-one , forty-four point one , sixteen bit . why you want to record higher is because a lot of times when they take songs for dvds and stuff like that , it 's forty-eight , sixteen . you always want to start off higher , because just like anything , if you start off higher and you bring it down , it sounds better than just starting at the lowest level and having to bring it up . you have to start high in the highest recording levels , and the highest recording sounds , and you bring it down to a lower quality , the sound sounds so much better . and so what you want to do like i said is record everything at forty-eight k twenty-four bit , that 's the minimum . but if you can record higher , record at a higher rate . and you can tell the sound difference . i record a lot of things at ninety-six k and i can tell the sound difference between ninety-six k and forty-four k , it sounds completely different . ninety-six k sounds crystal clear , and then when i render it down and when i put it on cd , it sounds way better than just the average cd . so what i suggest y'all , is when you start recording , find a studio that records it at forty-eight k , twenty-four , or higher .
o4T4Ae48aFI ah , so the penalties in fencing are organized into three tiers . you can get a yellow card , a red card , or a black card . so the most lenient penalty you can get , is really more of a warning , and that 's a yellow card . you get a yellow card for stepping off of the piste after scoring a touch as you make a fliche . you can get a yellow card for body contact in foil , no body contact is allowed in foil . you can also get one for removing equipment , so there are various other items that can be accidental , which is why the yellow card is fairly lenient . however , two yellow cards for the same offense , will get you a red card . there 's also a number of other offenses that 'll create , that will get you a red card , and that 's usually avoiding inspection , blatantly avoiding inspection , falsifying your inspection marks in some way , because all of your equipment before a formal electric bout has to be inspected to make sure that it 's all up to regulation . a red card is bad , and worse than a yellow card , not just because it 's red , but because a red card means a touch is scored against you , so your opponent gets an extra point . black cards are really , really bad . black cards will get you expelled from the venue , from the tournament , they can get you expelled from the tournament for future tournaments . a black card erases everything that you have done in that tournament so that it actually has a lot of repercussions on how other fencers who have fenced you are then ranked . the good news is , it 's really hard to get a black card accidentally . you get a black card through being caught using drugs , you get a black card through cheating , through refusing to salute , or otherwise being blatantly disrespectful , can actually also get you sent home with a black card . but most fencers are more concerned about offenses in the yellow and in the red , that they might inadvertently receive during a bout .
RsytFSlbkyU on behalf of expertvillage . com , i 'm david with friendly computers and i 'm here to tell you about your wireless network and security . now , when you are set up , always make sure once you get your wireless network set up , you should always have some form of security password on there , whether it be a wep key or wpa key . make sure you choose the right router for what your needs are . if you need a lot of bandwidth and distance or if you just need something small , that will all affect the different price of what you are going to be paying and overall what you want to do with the system . if you are going from place to place , make sure you have a wireless card for your laptop , if you need to connect it different places , such as restaurants or even hotels . if you have a firewall that you know how to control and if you do n't know how to do that stuff , never be afraid to call in an expert and have them come in and set up your wireless network or even set up your firewalls or wep keys .
o19w8jGcXhU one aspect of this sort of , traditional , darkroom work so to speak is time . doing this work technically , i do not really think it is that difficult . it is hard , but it is not rocket science . but , the problem for a lot of people , especially if you work , have kids , is the time . you would be surprised how much time you can spend in here and just essentially lose yourself . which is one of the best parts about doing all this stuff . but , to get the amount of time you need to set up , to print , and to do it correctly , i can not stress how important this is . if you are doing all of this stuff that i am talking about today in a rush , it is almost not worth it . so , you always have to look at your schedule . and , i have learned from experience about this . that i know that i have to manage my blocks of time in the darkroom very carefully because , if i do , i usually come in here for a few hours and i make great stuff . but , if i come in here in a rush and i am trying to go someplace to get to point a to point b and i do not have the time , it does not work out . so again , always consider the amount of time that you have when you come into the darkroom to do work .
fHQPemF3bLk next thing we are going to talk about is the delivery of water in between rounds . as we pointed out earlier , the days of sharing a particular water container then refilling it up between each boxer bout is over . you should have separate sealed water containers for each boxer . they all get a fresh water bottle themselves . the other thing is what we want to try to do is the boxer is going to be thirsty . the boxer is going to be thirsty . we do not want him to get cramped up in between rounds . we do not want him to be drinking too much water ; we do n't want him to be gasping right away because he is going to be having a hard enough time breathing never mind drinking . what you want to do first is when he sits down we want to give him some water . a little water so that he can rinse his mouth out and then at least think that he has gotten a good drink and then he is going to spit it out into the bucket . and then as we get a second out warning , we have ten seconds left , then we are going to give the boxer another drink of water and that way he can drink that part of it . he can take a good guzzle and then he can go back out into the squared circle . nick , round is over ! come on , nick ! ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . go ahead and sit down . you are doing good . how do you feel ? okay ? alright , i want you to keep working that jab for me , okay ? it looks real good . okay . let 's get that mouth piece out . spit this first one out . okay nick ? swish it around good . there you go . good job . let me see that and i will rinse out his mouth piece . remember to keep your hands up and your chin down . do n't square up . okay . how do you feel ? do you feel fine ? i feel okay . okay , the second assistant is going to be rinsing out that mouth piece while the head coach is working the boxer in the corner . we will get that nice and fresh to put back in there . this will also give him a shot of water . okay , we got ten seconds . seconds out ! one more , swallow this one . okay nick ? here we go , mouth piece in and we are all set to go back out there in the ring .
eoptsD9js1Q we 'll be making our sauce for the stir fry . so we start with 1/2 cup of organic vegetable broth which is actually really easy to find in any grocery store . wolfgang pucks makes a great one as stony field farms in traders jill 's , they both have a great vegetable broth that you know , really makes a nice base . so 1/2 cup of that , 2 teaspoons of corn starch , throw that in . it helps thickened the sauce just a little bit , 2 teaspoons of low sodium dark soy sauce , 2 teaspoons of canola oil and 2 teaspoons of dark toasted sesame oil , and a 1/4 teaspoon crushed pepper flakes , you can add more or less depending how spicy you want it . and finally 1/4 teaspoon of salt and you just want to whisk this together and set it to the side . you 'll also want to keep on hand 2 extra tablespoons of the vegetable broth for while you 're actually cooking your stir fry , there you go .
8ZzS1A9mCAk now let 's go on to line twenty-five . and it continues with those same triplets and slurs , ok. so it 's the same pattern as before . ok , so now let 's take a look at my hand . fourth finger for ' c ' sharp with third right there . move it up . flagellate , remember , shift up . ok. then we 've got . then double stops ok. that is our twenty-fifth line of this boriat piece .
rEOi4SsuLq0 a common question with a lot of bikes is how you would shift it and which gear is correct so we talked about before what type of shifting it is but if you were riding for example on the flats , not too much uphill and not too much downhill you would address it here in the rear end of the bike as the chain goes up the cassette it becomes easier to peddle so for example if you were riding and the terrain started to go uphill like up one of the canyons you would start shifting to an easier gear . basically that gear i put the bike in is the easiest gear on the bike so that is your climbing gear . if you have ridden to the top of the hill and you are heading down you would start going down the cassette to make the gear harder and eventually you would put it into the big ring on the bike , big ring for down hills , small ring for your uphills so this particular bike has everything for going up , for going down and for the flats as well . super easy to shift and with a little bit of practice , customize it to fit your needs on your own ride .
ee5nKLKhPaQ now where i colored , i say we 're going to have some very limited applications of some violet color ; some violet pigment , now ’ s the time . i 'm looking for some of these regions here where it 's goes from kind of some of this lighter oranges and pinks into this deeper blue and some of these areas actually i want to deepen this ; i want to make it more of a violet effect , so i 'm going to start to apply this here in these crevices . you 're automatically going to notice a pretty big color difference from that and the surrounding colors . so when i 'm going to continue to expand this out ; now i 'm not applying a lot of violet here and also what ’ s more i 'm using it and you can see to really blend these layers together . now really to blend for sunsets the over arching rule is when you start off with your one pigment and you kind of go and you build it out , and at some point you start building the other pigments into it by going down into them and bringing them up into the violet ; up down and around . see now look at that , that 's all ; that 's pretty blended now . let 's apply another region of violet further over this area where i 'm going to darken this up somewhat and sometimes this is going to really subtle ; i mean look at that , that 's not that much different but it is different still . now hey , there you go if you actually put a little more intense violet you 're going to see a whole lot more difference and again we build these guys back in here ; this is the atmosphere . the atmosphere is one huge inter-functioning crazy chaotic machine ; the weather forecaster 's still trying to get it down . so all of your painting is inter-connected ; do n't see it as discreet layers , see it as some living ; breathing thing with all the parts inter-connected , it needs all these things to survive or in this case out on one brilliant light show for us . so we 're going to continue to build in some of these violet in a couple of these darker regions and threw out our painting again for more of like a contrast with the over , over lying brighter layers .
egrp92ZgKf8 hi this is yvonne chow from the blade dance academy in new york city . in this clip we 're going to teach you how to pop . popping is a contraction and release of the muscles it was created by boogaloo sam in fresno , california in the late nineteen-sixties . now just to show you a regular pop we 're going to have rafaela demonstrate . so when you 're popping you 're contracting both your biceps and your triceps , what you want to do is focus on the release of that , so pretend like you 're flexing for somebody , and then you release that , and that 's what creates the pop . now for a dime stop which is another style of popping , it 's when your whole body is contracted and you want to create a picture , so right now rafaela wants to create this picture , so her body is tense for the entire time and what she 's doing is at the very end of that contraction she 's releasing that tension little by little which creates a wavering effect , alright . so again she 's creating a picture , she 's holding the tension till the very last minute and then slowly lets it go little by little which creates that illusion . now doing dime stopping can allow you understand how to go into roboting and to stop motion animation . this has been yvonne chow with how to pop .
E6BDRmgjoUg hi ! i ’ m katie and i ’ m here on behalf of expertvillage.com to talk with you about repeat signs . you want to be aware of signs like this…these are repeat signs and that tells you that there is going to be a section of a piece that ’ s going to be repeated . now if you start at the beginning of the piece here is the first repeat sign , you don ’ t worry about it you keep on playing , keep on playing , keep on playing and now as you ’ re coming along here you ’ re going to come to the second repeat sign , the second repeat sign tells you to go back to the first repeat and so this section is repeated again . now often times music will denote a first ending and a second ending so when you ’ re coming through the second time because you ’ ve already played the first ending this time you would skip right to the second ending and that ’ s how you would end the piece and that ’ s all you need to know about repeat signs .
vuzc9L6ywQU on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman here in miami , florida and today i am going to be showing you how to install weather stripping on the exterior of your garage door . we are going to be putting up the last piece here and i am going to be showing you on how to finish . again , i am using my fingers in the back to make sure that i 've got a straight line in back and to ensure a proper seal on the garage closes . okay now for a final touch up , i use the same sealant because it is an excellent exterior ceiling just to finish off the edge to make it look like its been there and it belongs there and very easy to do . just stead all the way down and what you do n't get steady all the way down cleans up with your finger pretty easy .
IuiuG4qOUWA now we 're going to show you have to do a take down from the partiflex position which starts out , she throws a punch , come across . you can either get your partiflex from here or you can do it the traditional way here , but either way that you do it your right leg is going to have to step behind her , her right leg , and so once you step behind you take your right arm and just clothesline , it 's sort of like the throw that we practiced before , and sweep out and throw . so we 're going to work it a little bit slower . i 'm going to start with the simple position partiflex . she throws a punch , you block , you come across , you lock . before you throw you want to make sure that you drop all these techniques right in here so you can execute the throw properly . you take a step with your right leg back , drop it and throw . so one more time and we 'll execute the full technique . comes in , block , strike , partiflex , possibly breaking the wrist , coming across and throwing . and that is pretty much an assertive grab but again your out from the outside position so you have to keep in mind that you are not necessarily inside and having to worry about the arm , you 're actually reaching over their shoulder which is another situation where you have to be careful so that if they were able to get out you do n't get an arm bar executed on yourself . so the switch when you 're dropping your hand out of a partiflex and going in for the throw has to be done relatively quick for it to actually be executed properly . so that is a partiflex with a throw from the outside position .
axa8i3dTMwM this time , the burmese dance , we will talk about the hands . it 's very important , the first thing when i tell you about your basic form and also burmese has the basic form for the hands too . when you look carefully , that look like bot cake , so anytime you 're dancing the hand always stay like that but , the transactions , when move quick or something like that , maybe you can lose a little bit but make sure when the dance is finish you have to repositions like this always . so let 's try this one , stretch , firm , check my profile , now squeeze the hand . and you know , those three finger up , putting together is not a good really , good idea , just a little way back . so when you see the people , ah let the people to see you , like a bird has a feather up here and a peak here . so keep always like this .
oplPf8ILDlY after you get passed doing just plain exercises , you 're going to do one more . it 's halfway in between exercise and an actual drawing because what we 're going to do , is we 're going to do not a blind contour but a contour drawing . we 're just going to draw all the lines that we see on the bear here . we 're not going to try to focus on any of the shadows . we just want to get all the shapes and all the proportions right . so , one technique that i 'm going to use is i 'm going to use big kind of shapes ; big shapes to start out with and then i 'm going to go in and make them more specific and modify them . so they look more like the subject i 'm trying to draw . so , i see the body . the body is kind of like a circle and i see the two feet in front and they 're like little ovals that are set from my perspective , they 're about , one-third of the oval is inside of the circle and one-third of it is not and they 're kind of off to the side . so here 's one and here 's the other one and this one 's kind of going off . the foot is going underneath and this oval 's inside and this is just real , real kind of basic . we 're just trying to get the main shape . this kind of tapers up to the top here . there 's a line where the head meets the body and then we have the arms coming off . they kind of overlap on the body a little bit and from my perspective once again it 's about a third of the arm is going to be overlapping on the body . i 'm kind of drawing things that i ca n't even see . i 'm drawing the body that goes behind the arm a little bit here and i can see this seam right here going around the front of the hand . there 's a seam going across the neck . i 'm also going to add in the arm here . once again the arm is probably about a third of the way in front of the body . so , i 'm going to add that in the drawing ; and you can see the seam coming right along the bottom here . you can almost see it up here . so , then from there , we 've got the bottom part . those are a little bit small and then we 're going to move to the head and looking at the head and the body , the head is actually about the same size as the body and that 's one of the things where you have to pay really close attention to whatever it is that you 're drawing because a lot of the time , your mind is going to jump to conclusions like , oh well bears have smaller heads than their bodies and then you 're going to end up with a drawing that does n't look anything that you 're trying to draw . so , i 'm just trying to focus on getting all the proportions right here . i 'm not really looking for an accurate depiction and then the nose takes up about half of the face , if you look right there . it 's about half of the entire face and it 's kind of like an upside down triangle almost . draw a little bit smoother ; and the very tip of the nose is right in the middle and once again i 'm not shading . there 's a hint of a little bit of a frown there . and then the eyes are kind of sunken in on the sides here . this one 's really hard to see because he 's kind of off to the side here . so , i 'm just going to put a little bit of one there and then i can see a lot more of this one and that is the basic idea of how to get a contour drawing done .
iRZAFDUJM9I hi ! this is chef rainer wickel here today on behalf of expervillage.com . well we 've gone over all the utensils and ingredients we need to make this dish and now it is time to get started . the very first thing that we need to do is we need to melt the butter because the butter is actually what is going to be making up the base of our sauce . now it is extremely important that you get unsalted butter . now , you do n't want salted butter because we do n't want that salty flavor in the dish so make absolutely sure you get the unsalted kind . now we are going to be using about 2 tablespoons of butter in this and usually when you get the butter , it is already marked on the stick so just go ahead and cut it appropriately . now we are using a 10 inch skillet for this and what we want to do is put the heat up to low . we do n't want to go ahead and start cooking this butter up too high because we do n't want to burn it so just set the stove to low . what we will do is we are going to be putting 2 tablespoons of butter in here . so just go ahead and grab your butter and up into the pan . now what we need to do is we need to let this melt and we need to let it simmer and wait until the butter is completely melted in there and then we are going to start adding the ingredients . now remember we want this on low . you absolutely do not want this butter to be cooking too fast because we want to let this simmer because we are making a sauce out of this and we do n't want to burn it . and this is how we prepare our butter to make our bananas foster .
Hoo8h4zKg04 we are still talking about scrapbooking and the different options that you have when it comes to time and money to invest in these scrapbooks . on the front cover here i just used stickers , there actually blue stickers , and i just stuck them unto the cover of the scrapbook . with black puff paint went over each letter so that way it has a little more texture and depth to it . but , at the same time if was n't a freehand writing so it 's neat and organized . so , i used those stickers as a guide kind of like a stencil so that i could use the paint over them without messing up the cover . then i just stuck some stickers around the outer edge which matched the cover of the scrapbook . it gave it a nice depth and texture feel as well .
f0fJ4OVk_7A so in those 27 different emotional reactions that we have every hour some of them are going to be on that spectrum of anger . and once we recognize the body symptoms again the gnawing of the teeth , the clenching of the hands , one of the most important things that we can do is called changing our state . and it is a very very simple thing to do actually . there is a couple of key things to remember . one is that when the emotions are coming up and we do n't want to feel them regardless of which emotion it is our tendency is to hold our breath , we literally stop breathing . and so the fastest and easiest way to change your state is to take a deep breath and now i do n't mean , i do n't mean an exasperated sigh , that is not what i mean by a deep breath . i literally mean filling up your whole body with a full breath , using all of your lungs to bring in oxygen , that life giving energy and move that other energy through the body through the exhale so it is a big ... and literally your physical state changes and because emotions are chemicals and action in your body then your emotional state changes . another thing you can do is if you are sitting down stand up and if you are standing up sit down , if you are standing still walk , movement is a great way to get energy in motion actually to go out and through the body so you can let go of whatever it is that is going on . now these are all things that we have been talking about that you can do when you are first recognizing that if in fact you are annoyed , frustrated , angry , whatever word it is on that big spectrum called anger . let 's take the next few segments and talk about what you can do when anger has been built up and you want to let it go so that it does n't explode in the wrong place at the wrong time on the wrong person .
HXJcz53MjGc alright , first try , i do n't even need my three other darts . hi , i 'm stephanie with partylandutah.com and i 'm teaching you how to play , the heart breaker game . you can set it up any way and it 's really fun because you can use teams or you can do boys against girls or you can just go and just give the darts to a new couple , that you see talking to each other , and try and get them to play the game too or you can just grab some people that maybe look like they 're being a wallflower during the party . go over to the wall and grab them , give them the darts and then go grab someone , of the opposite sex , and give them the other darts . as a host , you 're going to want to make sure that everyone at your party is having a lot of fun and you 'll have a lot more fun too because you 'll know that everyone is enjoying the party . then you can just stand back and start playing your own game of heart breaker and hopefully you 'll get better than i am . that is how you can make everyone have a lot of fun at your party and just realize that there are going to be some duds that do n't want to play games and they just want to sit on your couch and drink some wine and just be alone . whatever they want to do , just let them and make sure that everyone is having fun and doing what they want .
jVh5c4_rIFA michael plunkett : hi . this is michael plunkett on behalf of expert village . now that we 've taken a look at how to build both major and minor scales , we 're going to take a look at what we call `` scale degrees . '' it 's a way of assigning numbers to the notes on those scales . for the rest of the series , we 're going to base what we 're learning off of the c major scale . as i explained earlier , it 's one of the easiest scales to use because there are n't any accidental notes , it 's all natural notes . we do n't have any sharps or flats in here . so , it 's pretty simple . we 've got our seven different notes , eight at the end there . all assigning a scale degree to these notes means is that we -- instead of just referring to them as the note names themselves , c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c , we give them numbers , and we just do it in a consecutive order , so we call them 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 and then you can either call this one 8 or you can just call it 1 again too , that 's all right . now , this works with any scale . here when , of course , the c major scale but i can use this number system when referring to any scale . so , if i wanted to talk about the 7th scale degree , it does n't matter what scale we 're in , i can say we 're talking about scale degree 7 and everyone knows what that means . and you 'll hear that among musicians when talking about specific notes in the scale and also talking about chords . we 'll also see how we build chords out of each one of these scale degrees . it 's convenient also when we 're playing guitar . a lot of the times when we 're playing a scale or when we 're playing in a key on guitar , it 's more convenient to think about patterns of numbers that we can move around , shift around on guitar than just the notes themselves and we 'll see that in a little bit , too . so , these are scale degrees .
PvPtzWDq3W0 hi , i 'm emily larew , and we 're continuing on with our advanced tap combination . we 're on counts five through eight . so , we just finished our running pickups , having a care in the world , three and four , you 're going to stop . let 's just do our feet . you have five and you have a scuffle heel , and a six , you 're going to step seven , toe heel stop . try it again . five , scuffle , heel , step , toe , heel , stop , all right . try it one more time . five and sixy and a seven and eight . remember it 's quick . fivey and a sixy and a seven and eight . try it one more time . stomp scuffle heel , step toe heel stomp . great work . from there we 're actually going to turn it around , so you have one and two , three , four , five and a six , and seven and eight . and you 're going to turn it , all right , and to the front . so one more time . you stomp and throw five , you 're going to turn it around , scuffle , heel , step , toe , heel , stomp , and press forward . good . so five , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four , five , six , and seven and eight . great work .
ftkPDKqOrfI the live community in whist is tremendous . it is nationwide . it is in many of the big cities . you can check up with any of the online groups . you can check up with the meetup.com group . they give you the opportunity to find bid whist in your local community . there are internet opportunities to play . i know cases ladder online is had a good bid whist site for a long time and there are other programs you can get for bid whist to . the idea is that if you have the opportunity , now this is peculiar , because you take the spades game . spades game is predominantly internet with a limited live community . here you have the opportunity to play live and play with some really , really good folks who like the game , congenial , have a great time . the whole bit . again , go to sharks inc. , and check that out as well . when you 're playing live , you have a room full of people , there 's a camaraderie , it 's just really a great time . play with a partner , meet your friends from the community , or meet people from around the country or so forth . totally different decorum , similar to the live in spades , the live in pinochle , the live in hearts . just a different type community all together . when your playing online , you cultivate relationships with your partner or with your online friends . you get a chance to practice . that 's the beauty of online . play against the bot , improve your game , hone your game . then you 'll be confident when you do go to a live tournament that you 'll be what we call competitive . so , check out either venue , online first , then live .
lJCQa9qJduc jeff cook : hello , and i am jeff cook from all season sports , here today to talk to you about some of the latest and greatest and some of the coolest stuff for bikes on behalf of expert village . today , we 're going to talk a little bit about nutrition and some of the things that you can do to utilize and strengthen that engine , your body . some of things you want to look for are , first , we 're looking for a good electrolyte drink that is going to be mixed in with our water bottle . this is something that we can sip throughout our entire ride and keep those salts and sugars at the proper level . one of the other things that we want to go to is some more energy that we can use quickly . you 've probably seen this in gels that have come on the market and there 's many fine gels , but we also have them incorporated into things like jelly beans now from jelly belly , very tasty , but also work very well . remember , the key thing here to get that quick energy boost is find something that you enjoy eating and like the taste of . in that way , you 'll actually use it . remember , that these are very good but mostly short term energy boosts but work really well . so , experiment around with a few different companies and try a few different flavors of things . lastly , remember that once you 're done with your ride , one of the important things and almost important thing is to be able to recover so that you feel good the next day , then you can go do that ride again . there are many products on the market that we 're going to help you repair that muscle tissue and help you recover better . hammer 's one of the companies out there that makes a very fine product to do this process . you can buy these in individual packs or larger containers . mix this with some water , taste a lot like a milkshake . it tastes good , works good for you , and best of all , you feel so much better in the morning .
egdZHT17H7Q now , i have sewn all of my seams , and what i want to do is i want to trim the excess , and then i 'm going to run a zig-zag stitch over it , so it does n't unravel . so , i 'm just trimming to a quarter of an inch , each seam allowance cause i do n't need it . you can go slower , i 'm just seasoned in practice , so i go fast , cut fast . but , you can also sit it down on the table , and that way you can be really accurate with your cutting , cause you do n't want to cut over the line you just sewed . you do that to all four . and then what you do when you 're finished is your home sewing machine will have a zig-zag setting , and i put it at a number three . i make it kind of wide because i do n't want the fabric to stretch itself . if you put it around the two , or the one , or close to the zero , it 'll just get a little stretchy , so i go around the three , maybe in between the three and the four . and , i just zig-zag the edges . it just looks more , you know , it 's just cleaner when you wash it , it 's not going to come apart , et cetera . it 's like a home surge . i happen to despise the surger ! i do n't know if you have a surger , and if you like it , more power to you , but i just , i zig-zag instead of surge . so , you want to do that on all four seams .
f49boM5fb8U okay , we 're working on our cutting for our humorous interpretation . and we 've got -- we 've already established that it 's going to make sense , it 's going to have a through line , and it 's going to have a beginning , middle , and end . we 're going to take bits and pieces throughout the play to put this story together . but one of the things that we have to make sure exist is conflict and resolution . and what conflict and resolution is the big event -- the big explosion , the characters get in a fight , or they get together and they get married , or what is the big event that must explode that we 've been working for ? now after this big explosion , he goes to jail , she leaves , he divorces her , somebody dies , whatever this giant conflict is , then our cutting also has to have a resolution . and what a resolution is , is what happens after this conflict ? she died , so now we 're moving on . she got thrown in jail , so now the husband 's going to have an affair . whatever it is , there must be conflict resolution .
L_d6rX2wWYY hi , this is jim goettler with expert village and this is a video about how to form and operate a non-profit organization . this segment is going to be about the basic housekeeping you must do prior to filing for a non-profit status . you need to file your business license and you need to file with your state , generally your secretary of state the articles of incorporation , as you would if you were forming a for-profit organization ; however , you must include the following language in your articles . `` this corporation is organized exclusively for religious , charitable or educational purposes within the meaning of section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the internal revenue code . '' and , `` not withstanding any other provisions of these articles , this corporation shall not , except to any substantial degree , engage in any activities or exercise any powers not in furtherance of section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) purposes . '' it is essential that you put those words into your application for the articles for your state incorporation or downstream it 's going to make life much more difficult .
fu62Z4d_rNk i 've shown you here a tackle box in which i keep lots of oil paints , and i do this so that i can close up the box , and i want to talk about the kinds of paints that you can buy . some of these have been given to me many years ago , and many i 've bought more recently . and i ... and either you can deal with all these kinds of paints , or a group called my mary , and italian set , has a little ... . italian group has a try-out set that you can buy , and it really has three tubes of paint , the three primaries , yellow , blue and red . and so you can make your green from the yellow and the blue , and then you can make your orange from the yellow and the red , and you can make your violet from the blue and the red that you will mix . so that 's one way that you can add white to make lighter tints , or add black to make darker shades . and that , i have friends that work only with these three colors of paint . there are smaller tubes and larger tubes . and just like watercolor or acrylic , a tube of paint can last for a pretty long time unless you 're painting a large canvas . most canvases for easel paintings are , let 's say , ten by sixteen , or something , like , twenty by twenty-four . but you can also do thirty by forty , and much , much bigger paintings . and you 'll go through a lot more paint when you do that . paint can be used just out of the tube , you can mix it on a piece of paper like this . you can apply paint with palette knives . you can apply paint with brushes . there are many different kinds and sizes of brushes , larger brushes for larger canvases . there is ... .this is the tail end of a roller that was supposed to roll the paint out of a large tube of white . however , i still have n't gotten it quite out of the tube . when you use the larger tubes , such as these bigger tubes , they wo n't fit in any of the compartments so that they have to go , you know , down below . but these are colors that i frequently use when i 'm painting , and i just finished doing a couple of very large pieces . also , for white paint , there 's titanium white , and there 's other whites , and some cover more than others . some paints are more buttery than others . some ... they , they 're made by an enormous group of different people . daniel smith up in seattle . the gamblin people , who have taken many of the poisons out of paint . people talked about mad-hatters with mercury , well , paint has barium and other heavy metals and many of those have been taken out and replaced now with chemical paints . you can ... you can look at the manufacturers information to be sure that you 're not buying something that would hurt you . cadmium 's another heavy metal . so to make all these paints , you can see that we have brilliant color that 's pretty long-lasting now , much more so than it used to be . you can mix with turpentine alone , you can mix it with poppyseed oil . or you can mix it with something which is ... .here 's one , just one object called gamsol . you can mix it with various other , you know , you can mix different kinds of oil and different kinds of mediums . we used to use turpentine all the time , but the smells are not very good from that , and it can be injurious to your health . so there are also kinds of oils that you mix with water , and i have n't even gone into those kinds , but i prefer the slow drying , regular oil paints that you would mix with turp , or gamsol or some other medium . you can add thinners , you can add quick dryers , but an oil painting will either be done very quickly , a la prima , in one go , or you can paint on it , and take your time , and fix and eye shadow or something , if you want , over a longer period of time . you can clean your brushes , and add new medium in these little cups if you want to , or you can just avoid those all together . when you 're done , you 're going to clean these paints off your body , your clothing , whatever , and some are more easy to get out than others . but at least i hope this has given some small inkling of information as to what to look for when you 're buying paints . this is eileen pestorius . until the next time .
f1A-QCH5ZL0 so there are nine life areas according to feng shui that is addressed on what we call the bagua . and this is sort of the map for feng shui . and the creativity area is always when you are standing in a room and you are in the doorway and you are facing into the room , creativity will always be the wall that is to your right . so that 's the creativity area . and there are many different things we can do to improve creativity , lots of different options that we can use and they all depend on what you like and what you are going for . so i 'm going to talk a lot about different things that you can do to improve your creativity . the way to figure out where the creativity area is again , to face into the room , hold this paper with the bagua right in front of you and then you 'll know that creativity is over to your right hand side , somewhere in the middle of that wall . it 's sort of a circle of energy , all these nine areas they intersect , who can tell where they begin or end but in that general area is where your creativity will be so . you might already have a desk there or maybe a chair to sit at and do something creative . or maybe you have a bookshelf there . so nothing is necessarily bad , it 's all depending on what you want to do in your life with your creativity and we are going to cater that to you and what your choice is . so on this bagua you 'll see that the creativity area is actually labeled as children . and it 's actually both . a lot of baguas will call it children/creativity . children is obviously something that you create , so that is definitely part of the creativity . and you might of been more creative when you were a child . so this is , it can be anything that you wanted to create in your life . it could be children , it could be family , it could be art , it could be cooking , it 's anything that you make . and you put love in and energy into . so that 's why some of the baguas you will see for this school of feng shui , will just label it as children .
3X7BMO4zfJk two cases of fist cuffs in the o.r . first in belgrade , yugoslavia . a man was on the operating table for an emergency appendectomy . his surgeon was about to cut into him , when another doctor entered . apparently an enemy of his surgeon . and that guy hit the guy in the ear . actually punched him in the nose . said something insulting and walked out . well his surgeon was not going to accept that , he went after the other surgeon . they got into a fight , some teeth were lost and a hand fractured . what about the patient ? well the assistant surgeon actually completed the appendectomy . now let 's go to tokyo and the shiga general hospital . a patient was on the surgery table and suddenly he got cold feet . he said he did n't want to have the operation , which was an intestinal operation . the surgeon was so insulted , do you know what he did ? he punched the patient , punched him in the forehead and he started to bleed . so the operation was canceled . surprisingly , the patient three weeks later , actually opted to have the operation , but with another doctor . now you know what i say to him ? if your surgeon punches you , do n't take it lying down . i do n't care about the scalpel . he hit 's you , you punch him back ! yes ! you punch him back !
fHgXGyWgtaA all right we are back and we just removed our shrimp from the shrimp boil and we got a nice gentle steam coming off of these guys . so i placed them in the bowl and as they are steaming , i just want to take the exact same seasoning that i used to poach these guys . i 'm going to sprinkle that over the top of them and you see me wearing these latex gloves a lot . never is it more important when you are messing with seasonings like these because you do n't want to get it into your skin over a long period of time because it will start to irritate it . also once you are done , you can just pull the gloves off and throw them in the trash and wash your hands and there is less risk of you getting this into your eyes . there is cayenne pepper and things of that nature in this seasoning mix and it is not a lot of fun when that happens when it gets in your eyes there . so i am just going to kind of twirl these around so we get a final dose of seasoning on them . what i am going to do next is just throw these guys into the refrigerator and let them chill for probably about a half hour and these guys will be nice and ready to eat . this is what you want to look for as far as the almost finished product . we are ready to go and put these guys into the refrigerator and chill them down and that seasoning is going to stick to these guys and it will make a really nice tasty treat when they are done .
GsTnIwyNwbk hi , this is jon , and in the clip i 'll be talking about tool storage . now once you 've accumulated a number of tools , it 's always good to build some type of a storage unit to house all of your tools so you can find them and so they do n't get damaged . in this particular storage unit we 've just taken some pegboard and screwed it up against some 2x4 's and we 've used some pegboard hooks to be able to hang some of our tools . additionally we 've designed some other storage type devices to be able to accommodate the different types of tools . now there 's really an unlimited number of possibilities that you can use to hang and display your tools , but you always want to keep in mind that the bottom line is to be able to keep your tools safe from getting damaged and so that you can find them every time you need them . here we have another storage system just for some simple palm sanders , and we 've put those on rollers , made that into a drawer , and those are all located in a cabinet that locks . now it 's always very important to keep all of your tools locked up or out of the reach of anybody who does n't know how to use them , or especially children . additionally you 'll notice that all of my tools are labeled so that if for some reason i 'm using all of my doweling jigs and i forget where they go , i just look at the label and i 'm able to put them back . you really want to create a method that works good for you . if something does n't work , change it and use something that works better .
IgKdZUEDzJw hi , this is christi ferretti with expert village . here to give you some helpful tips about selecting meat in a grocery store . and what i have here is a boneless ribeye steak . and when you are looking for a steak , what you want to look for is not the bright red no fat that mom always sent you to the store for . what gives meat a flavor and what gives meat a good texture is going to be a little bit of fat . and particularly a ribeye is going to have a little more than normal . but then also the marbling that 's inside , now mine is condensating a little bit so you might not be able to see it . but there is a little marbling throughout . now that 's not fat that you are going to taste as in terms of feeling in your mouth . but what it ? s going to do is it ? s going to give moisture to your meat . so any time you are looking at buying red meat that is what you are looking for . you also want to make sure that the meat is being stored properly . that the thermometer on the temperature , the temperature on the thermometer is below forty-one degrees so it ? s kept cold . and if you are me , you want to look for steaks that look like this . now bear with me for a second . because you do n't want anything that 's green or funny looking . but anytime a meat starts to age , it oxidizes . so the bloods in the meat will start to turn from a red to a brown color . that 's just age . to a certain degree , this is actually going to be a more flavorful , more tender steak . and typically discounted in the grocery stores . so shop smart . look for marbling and shop in the end section and save your self a few bucks .
g7TS3rqjii0 hi my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center in seminole and today in this clip we are going to be discussing the different types of staffs . so mainly there is this kind of staff rattan . it is also known as a double headed staff . it is called double headed because it is of equal thickness throughout the staff on each end . it is a very flexible type of wood and it is very strong . it will last a very long time . double headed also means that you do one move with one end and then immediately you will do another move with the other end of the stick . so this way . the move will go side to side , up and down with varying techniques . so this is a very pliable type of wood . it has to be the same width from the top all the way to the bottom and the size of the staff depends on what you are doing . mainly the staff would be about as tall as you are or sometimes it could be a little bit taller . there is also other kinds of staffs , the eyebrow type staff where it goes up to the eyebrow height or another type of staff comes up to about the arm pit height depending . mainly they are all used the same but this is your most basic type of staff and your most traditional one . then there is this kind . this is a white wood wax wood staff and this is commonly what you see today . this is used throughout modern china . it is made of a different kind of wood as i mentioned white wax wood and it is tapered on one end and it gets thicker towards the bottom on the other end . that is so , this is a lighter type of wood and in the competitions they like to be very very fast so this looks a little more impressive . what they do is they do the same types of movements but due to the weight being a little bit heavier on one end it makes your flowers and the different techniques a lot faster and those are the different types of staffs .
T8oxZ37TEPg the first thing you want to do is a tire pressure check . and i 've got my handy pressure gauge , i may not do this every single time i run the tractor . but once a week at least . every time you want to walk around and give them a kick and check , but at least once a week you want to give them a quick check . now the pressure will vary depending upon the size of the tires on your tractor . in this particular case we only want to run about fifteen psi in it , it just barely registers on this gauge . it 's typical that you run a much lower pressure on tractor tires than you do on car tires . the reason this is important is because you can get in a situation on a tractor , where you have an implement in the air , and we 're about thirty psi on this front tire . and that 's exactly what i want to see on this size of tire . i was saying that 's important , because any thing that alters the balance of the tractor can be a potential safety problem . you get an implement up in the air , one tire is much lower than it normally is , you 're on a slope , and that can create the chance of an overturn .
sXEJFMcdjoU today 's topic is how to change a hubcap . there are many different varieties of hubcap . one of them is this small type which has four screws in it . you unscrew the screws , pull the hubcap off . there are two basic types of hubcap , some that screw off and others that pop off , like this one . you pop the hubcap off and you put it back on the same way , hook it on and it 's on . this hubcap comes off by placing your screwdriver or your tool in the toolbox and pull it or prying it off . thus , it 's getting , it 's being able to get to your lug nuts . to put it back on , it 's a simple idea of just pushing it on . the screw off on a more modern wheels and expensive wheels have a screw on cap which have a screw on the side to take the cap off . this is the proper way to remove a hubcap .
Ib8ngY7uQfM well welcome guys my name is lars erik robinson . today i thought we 'd talk about how to draw a bunny . well how i usually start drawing a bunny is i always think about the ears first . and you get that first but you have to think about how , bottom heavy it is . think of it as a number a , here comes the , the letter a not the number . here is the eyes . this is detail but you take the nose and you always think about how the shape is . here 's the legs , and it 's like very bottom heavy . and what i mean by that , it has the bottom part of it is thicker on the bottom . so when you draw a bunny you have to know that the body is bigger on the bottom , there 's a circle there , there 's a circle here , underneath it . and then there 's shapes coming up like that . even look , think about an egg . they lay eggs so here 's the egg shape , here 's another egg shape on top of that . so it 's two eggs and that 's kind of odd because bunnies lay eggs do n't they . here is an easter egg . we 'll draw a lot of bunnies especially on easter when i do easter parties . they 're just so cute . kids love and i like them too . well i hope that explained to you guys a little bit more of how to do a bunny . remember there 's egg shapes in the bunny , that 's an interesting one . till next time i see you guys next time , thank you so much .
jDFnrCAHUfg first off , let 's introduce the open strings on the violin . the open strings are e , a , d , and g. let 's take a look . this is g , the lowest sounding string on the violin . this is d , one of the middle strings on the violin . this is a , another one of the middle strings on the violin . here is open a. and here 's our last string on the violin , which is an open e .
bPwQUW_NSjk hi , i 'm emily larew and now we are going to put the whole beginning hip hop combination together up to tempo . are you ready ? so i hope you 've had plenty of time to practice this slow , because now we 're going full speed , all right , there 's no stopping . so , here we go . five , six , seven , eight . and one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one and two , three , four , and five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven and eight and one , two , three and four , five , six , seven and eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , and eight . and that was your entire hip hop combination full out .
u3mU0ez_iPQ once you picked your frame then you need to pick a matte board that is going to become comfortable with the pieces of what your framing is . as well as comfortable with the room that you are going to be putting it in , this particular customer has a lot of blue in her room . so i choose two different color blue to show her just to show her if she had a clue . i personally like the more subdue blue than the brighter blue it tends to give you a lot of color with your piece on this particular piece . i think it will be real nice piece in a room . all sides have to be covered with a matte board so that you have a solid color base to start with . if your pieces are very busy , you want to pick a more plain piece of matte board if they are very plain you might want to think about getting something with a little bit more character to it , a little bit more design . there is a lot of matte boards out there to choose from . it 's just a matter of picking the one that fits you .
hHTX9dhobVs next , i 'm going to select the roses . there 's many different varieties of roses , there 's spray roses , there 's , these are a large variety of a tea rose . they 're a very large variety , but they 're pretty . and there 's also long stemmed roses , there 's many different varieties , colors , etc . now we 're going to want to choose a rose that 's going to last a long time . on this particular design , i 'm going to use the pink roses , because first of all they have a nice height and we want our roses to be one and a half to two times the height of the container . one is fine actually . so , we 're going to use these . they 're nice and big roses too . now to select a really good rose , all you need to do is , squeeze it . and by squeezing it , you want it to feel very firm . because that means it 's got a lot of life left in it . it will open up quite a bit more . so , if you find a rose that is like this , it 's very pretty , but it 's not going to last very long , because when you squeeze it , you can almost , you can pinch it really tight . so that 's how you can select a rose that is going to last for quite a long time .
u2wRlNg4znI richard buccola : hi , this is rich buccola here in new york city . and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make curry phyllo triangles . okay , we 're back . first and foremost , you 're going to have to get phyllo dough . it 's a specialty item . like i said , we 're fortunate enough to have the euro mart right across the street which i 'm definitely going to do a video soon , and i got their permission so i 'll show you how great this place is . you got ta have to let this thaw at room temperature for about five hours before you can work with it . it is hard to work with , but if you follow the steps on how to work with it , you 'll be fine . all right . so some phyllo dough . you 're going to need about 8 sheets -- 10 sheets . it only comes in 8 so , of course , i got two . you can save it for other uses though . you 're going to need about a half of pound to a pound of fresh lamb . now if you want it the way the recipe calls , it 's 8 ounces . i like to make my puffs a little bit more . we 're italian here ; we eat good . some olive oil for just getting our vegetables going and our onion and stuff . you 're going to need curry powder . this is what flavors up that lamb so good . fresh thyme , fresh parsley , salt and pepper to taste , and then all you need is just a small to medium onion , two to three small to medium tomatoes and a potato . okay , that 's it . you 've got your curry phyllo triangles here on expert village . really , come back and make this . i know -- you got to try different things in the kitchen . that 's what makes it fun . spice . come back , we 're making it .
s3PXlvy1mr0 the beatles ' song i get along with a little help from my friends , how to tell if your partner has a drug addiction ? this is doctor paul , author of boomer girls : a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating and host of ask doctor paul . the beatles song i get along with a little help from my friends referred to drugs . now , how do you tell if your partner has a drug addiction ? it does n't have to be illegal drugs . they can be prescription drugs . it can be illegal drugs . it can be a drug of choice that may be sort of legal like it 's on a special list of legal drugs . you probably wo n't know from six to nine months . people who have these addictions are very , very good at hiding them . please believe this , i 've had four people call my show , both men and woman , who would tell me , i never had a clue until eight months , ten months , a year , over a year into the relationship . i was shocked . and i found out by accident . one found out believe it or not by finding pills that were in an aspirin bottle , she almost took them . turned out that they were n't aspirin at all , but the bottle said they were . that person was taking this medication on and on and on . so you wo n't know . it 's not an easy thing to find out . if you once face the issue and there 's no way to back out on that person 's part , the addicted person 's part , go to counseling if this person 's important to you and this relationship is important to you . you will not beat it otherwise . please believe that , no amount of being co-dependent or having understanding is going to make it happen . trust me on this one . this is doctor paul . may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow .
OQePPL8O3to http : //www.expertvillage.com/submit/article.aspx ? site=vid & id=45697 expert village
8AKdU2oDLrw now i 'm going to show you how to make these victorian rose eggs . it 's a densely patterned egg . and it 's cut from scrap book papers or wrapping papers . it 's densely covered and then you put little motifs on it . we have butterflies and birds . little things that when you look at it at first , you do n't see it but you discover it as you turn it around . so i 'm using a piece of scrap book paper that has these pretty rose motifs around . now the biggest problem with decoupaging the egg is it 's very round . and paper is flat and it does n't , it does n't always want to follow the shape of the egg . so i 'll give you some little pointers on how to adhere it nicely to the egg . so first you want to start by cutting out a lot of small motifs . so from this design , i 'm going to cut just the rose section . i 'm going to cut the leaf section . i 'm going to cut some , some of this lace section that i 'm going to use cover my egg .
gpI_qkb0qps i am going to demonstrate the staff pose . i love the staff pose because , although it 's simple , it 's great for strengthening the legs . it pulls the abdominals in and creates a nice tall straight back . first , i want you to align your shoulders with your hips . you are going to draw your navel in towards your spine . as you inhale , you are going to place the palms of your hands down on the floor . now , i have long arms , a lot of people can place their hands right by their hips without flexing their arms . since my elbows bend slightly , i ? ll straighten my arms by moving them slightly in front of my hips . next , i 'll pull my toes towards me . this creates tightens muscles through my legs and strengthens as i press my hamstring muscles down into the floor . this pose is great for strengthening the muscles of the legs . then , i 'll look forward . i create a long straight neck . i just gaze out in front and take a deep breath . i open my ribs and i close them back in without drawing forward . keep your upper torso very tall or straight . repeat . keep your neck long and straight . the crown of your head is parallel to the ceiling . take one more deep breath , pulling your toes towards you . try to lift your heels off of the floor because it really strengthens the legs . then you 'll relax the pose taking your hands back and placing them , palms down , behind you . take a deep breath here . if you can only hold this pose for one breath , especially if you are a beginner , you may modify it . tighten your legs up , pull your toes towards you and lift your heels off the floor . here , you 'll take a deep full breath , exhale and then release it . hold this pose with your arms at your shins . you may repeat this version , trying another full breath . you may use either of these options .
4W7f4vZaOhE this is a dribbling while walking drill . it seems like a really simple drill but you notice as you get started it is a little more difficult than it appears . this is great for using hand/eye coordination and for just getting your hands strong and using good ball handling techniques . i am going to show this in slow motion and then i am going to go full speed . you are going to start pushing the ball through your legs and have your other hand ready to meet the ball . now as you get better you are going to be able to do this without stopping so i am going to demonstrate that right now . always remember to keep your eyes up and try not to look at your feet while you are doing it . you make a mistake , just get back on and do it again . that is walking while dribbling full speed .
Tn2McYCijP4 now we have our wings like this and they are unfold it like you want them . what we are going to do is we are going to make sure we are going to take we are going to make sure first that our pieces that we have them between the 2 pieces here . 1,2,1,2 well this one is not really so we would open it back up like so . there it is flat side on that side and that side . flat side on that side and what we are going to do is take this edge here . we are going to fold it over like this so we have this part here . we are going to take it down on the bottom edge here just like so . then fold it back and then we are going to do the same thing with th other side . we are just going to fold it up like this , fold it the other way , fold it all the way down and make sure that is get really straight . that we do n't bunch up that point there . we are going to fold it back like that .
L9XxKQgg-ec travis johns : hi . i 'm travis johns for expert village , and i 'm going to talk to you about pricing work time in your home video post-production studio . as i said before , time is money , which is true of any business anywhere . when you 're a freelancer or a subcontractor , obviously because you 're not clocking in and clocking out of an office , there 's really no way of gauging how much time you 're working on a project if you were n't writing it down or keeping detailed records . a lot of times , a client will ask you at the outset , `` how much is this going to cost me for , say , a three-minute video ? '' well , you need to take a very long look at past projects , things you 've done for other clients , so you can give them a reasonable expectation as to how long it 's going to take . it 's very important not to undersell the amount of time it 's going to take on a project because then you might end up cutting your rate in half . when you price a project out , you want to make sure that if you say you 're going to have to spend one hour on this piece of graphic or this piece of video that you 're not spending two hours on it because that means you 're getting half the money . this kind of a trap is very easy to fall into , especially for beginners , and you can learn a lot of expensive lessons along the way . my advice would be to make sure that once you 've agreed to a price on a project , you do the work that is expected of you , you deliver what you can , but you do n't overextend yourself when it comes to time , when it comes to effort and energy because if that same client asks you to do another project , they 're going to expect the same amount of work at the same price ; and if you put in double the time that you originally promised , you 're going to have to do double the time again for the same price . so just make sure that you 're safeguarding yourself against excess deadlines , excess client expectation so that in the end , it 's a mutually equitable partnership for everyone involved .
lyEmu6eFgOQ hello , my name is scott , and i 'm the owner of climb on indoor rock climbing , in wilmington , n.c. today , we 're going to discuss hiking boots , backpacking boots , and rock climbing shoes . the best thing for hiking or backpacking , would be a boot that comes above your ankle , for support . i like oslos . it 's a great boot , lasts a long time , waterproof . depending on the situation that you 're in , or the place that you 're hiking , you would want to do some research , to figure out what the best boot would be , for your situation , whether it 's warmth , comfort , support , or waterproof . when it comes to a rock climbing shoe , there 's a variety of different types . in our gym , we like to use velcro slippers , because they 're easy on , easy off . outdoors , for more technical climbing , you might use a lace up , that tightens up the toe box . anytime that i hike into the woods , i 'm wearing an approach shoe . my approach shoe has climbing rubber , just like a rock climbing shoe , a solid toe box , but it 's ' more like a boot , or a shoe for hiking . this has been our segment on shoes for hiking , backpacking and climbing . again , my name is scott , in wilmington , north carolina .
Coysa8F5OMQ ok , here we go with our lydian mode on the d string . so again , we 're doing a few whole steps and then a half step to finish . we 're going to have d , e , f-sharp , now jump up a whole step for g-sharp and then a. d , e , f-sharp , g-sharp . and it 's that half step from g-sharp to a that should clue you in that this is the pattern that you 're using . so again extrapolating from the notes we 've already learned on the d string . we have d , e-flat , e , f , f-sharp , g , g-sharp , a. so the full range of notes on the d string up to a should now be getting under your fingertips and you should be learning those note names .
N9kBk6hjN6Y hi . i 'm noopur on behalf of expert village . in this clip , i 'm going to tell you how to make cabbage carrot with white sauce sandwich . now let 's begin . first we take white sauce which is prepared out of flour , butter and milk . now we have added fine chopped cucumber and tomato to it . now we add some cabbage to it which is again fine chopped . mix it well . now we take a slice of bread , apply this paste evenly all over the slice . now , after applying the paste , we put capsicum and tomato . then sprinkle pepper and salt and then place another slice of bread on this . and then place it on the toaster and leave it for three to four minutes . so now , after four minutes , your toast is ready . so let 's see . now we take this toast , since it 's properly toasted , place it on a plate and then we can have it with either tomato ketchup or maybe mustard sauce , as per your wish . so here you go , your toast is ready .
OZ1789SslZA and welcome back we are here and all of our vegetables have been prepared and if you like any tips on any of these vegetables refer back to steaming broccoli , saute vegetables , and grilling asparagus . for of any of these that you want to see personally by me you can come and visit me at zedo 's at 17 in tuscon it is a wonderful place to eat for mediterranean style food and we love to cook for you so come on down and join us .
J00H9FDy-c8 in the last segment we made a bracelet out of the waist band of these jeans . the second thing that i 'm going to do , i want to wear these , they did n't fit so i eliminated that problem by taking the waist off . their girls pants for two , their flow , i do n't like anything about them except for the fact that we can make something else out of them . i know i 'm not going to want to keep them this length and i need material for a patch so alls i 'm going to do is just cut a patch right out of the pants . the knees come up here , you 've got to kind of assess how long or short you want them , whatever style . i 'm going to do my style kind of like the things i 'm wearing now with the cuff down here just below the knee . so , rather than cut too far up in there , because i can always cut later and i have no idea where that 's going to be , i just need material for a patch . i 'm going to come down right here and i 'm just going to cut this bottom segment off and we 'll make a couple patches out of that .
atiW1rMKY-U alright everybody let 's do that cool variation i was telling you about . so have a card selected . okay , remember that card . wonderful ! we 're going to put the deck in the box , then we 're going to seal up the box with a rubber band so you ca n't open it or anything . i have a paper bag here , i 'm going to open this up . i 'm going to need my pen . we 're going to take the deck , put it inside the bag just like this . then i 'm going to take my pen and carefully jab it right through the bag just like that . the part that 's amazing is that if i rip the bag off the pen , i 've stabbed one card , your card the queen of clubs . in the minute i 'm going to show you how to do that trick .
uFnj01SKJQ8 hi , my name is mike quebec , and today 's subject matter is how to tone up your butt . let me demonstrate three exercises . the first one will be lying down , and the other two will be standing up . so , first one i 'm going to do is , i 'm just going to lie down on my back , hands flat on the floor , feet flat on the floor , knees up , i 'm going to take a deep breath in , when i breathe out i 'm going to thrust my pelvis off the floor and i 'm going to squeeze my butt together . take a deep breath in , and breathe out , breathe in , breathe out , squeezing , breathe in , breathe out . if you 're a beginner , well , actually , there 's a lot you can do with this , so i would recommend if you 're a beginner , go for sixteen . if you 're an intermediate , advanced , go for twice that amount . and one set for beginners , two sets for intermediate/advanced . alright , so now i 'm going to go ahead and demonstrate the two standing exercises for the butt . so right now i 'm going to go ahead and move my mat a little bit out of the way and i 'm going to stand in front . having my hands right on my waist , back is straight , i 'm going to take a deep breath in , and i 'm going to breathe out , i 'm going to lunge forward , and slide back , lunge forward , slide back , lunge forward , slide back , lunge forward , slide back . if you 're a beginner , one set of twelve . intermediate , advanced two sets of twelve or more , depending on what you feel you can handle . alright so , this is the third butt exercise . you know , i 've got a chair right here , i 'm going to go ahead and support myself , just like here with the chair . i 'm going to work one side of the cheek , so i 'm going to have one foot back , on the toe , knee straight , i 'm going to take a deep breath in , i 'm going to breathe out and extend the leg back and behind me . not straight back , but more at an angle . you notice that i 'm not bending forward cause then there 's no resistance , and then i do n't get any work , so i push against the chair to keep my back straight , it 's a very small motion . one set of twelve if you 're a beginner , more of that if you 're intermediate/advanced . you want to make sure that you work both sides . and those are my butt exercises . thank you .
kgz7c2kb4Rg we 've just talked about the forward sweep , now let 's look at the reverse sweep . reverse sweep starts in the back of the boat . you wind up your torso , placing it behind your seat and sweep out and away . again , looking in the direction where you want to go and i also want to use my torso . so let 's do in combination with that forward sweep that we discussed earlier . i 'll do a forward sweep on one side and a reverse sweep on the other and you can see the combination and what happens to your boat . here we go ! forward sweep , wind up , plant by your toes , look where you want to go , then i 'm going to reach all the way around to the reverse on the other side and it spins in the spot . again using those key principles where i 'm using my torso to wind up the stroke . here we go ! winding up the torso , place by your toes , sweep out and then the reverse comes all the way to the back and sweeps out to the front . key thing to remember in whitewater boating we use the reverse sweep rarely , occasionally we 'll use it but you do loose your momentum . so concentrate on the forward sweep instead of the reverse sweep , but it 's always a good skill to know .
-ktm7mKF3sk now i just talked to you about letting this set up until it is leather hard . it is best to do it naturally for a few hours or so but i am impatient so i am going to use a torch . this is a good way to speed up the process in clay if you need to move to the next step . now i have put it on a banding wheel which spins and i have centered it . i will just spin this piece and move the flame up the piece slowly and back down and i will continue doing this with the torch until this piece has reached the leather hard stage . as long as you do this evenly and you do n't let the flames stay on any one piece of the part for too long it is not going to hurt it . now if you take your torch and hold it against one part of your vase for a long period of time you are going to crack your vase right off , right open . so you do need to be very consistent and patient with the torch .
6Y75owJpquI lunge is the sister to the squat . it 's basically a one legged squat . very dynamic movement on the floor , alone . but once you 've got that mastered in your form and you 're ready to progress , this is a great balanced challenge to integrate that kinetic chain from head to toe . just as you would take one foot forward , and you 're always going to favor one side or the other , usually if you 're left handed you 're going to favor putting your left foot forward . try to mix that up so that you can get that cross problem mechanism going and working with that kinetic chain . you 're going to aim for the center , the middle of the bosu ball , come up , weight in the heel and you 're behind the toe , and you 've got to have your back leg extended enough where you can hit that peak contraction here . hip bends as a result of flexion and extension in the leg muscles , front and back all the way down , and you 've really got to balance here . take your time , make the movement slow , inhale and exhale . you 're working concentric , eccentric all the way on both phases on these . contract down , and release up . if you feel yourself start to shake , start to wobble , put your hands out here to the side , maintain your balance and then boom , add that movement back in again . this is hard enough just on the floor . you go adding this bosu in and you 've got a pretty good balance challenge going there . then just make sure you switch it up , do about twelve to fifteen reps on each side . work your way up .
Fjk34x25LCY hi , i 'm melina and welcome to expert village . today , i 'm going to show you how to make a screen print design on a t-shirt . for this next step , we 're going to trace our design onto our wax paper . you ? re going to take your wax paper and put it on top of your design . take a pencil and draw everywhere that you want paint . again , if you want the paint to show the whale body then you will be coloring in the whale body . but i like the lines to show so i am going to draw the lines in . for your first screen print , you really want to make sure you do n't do anything too complicated . so we 're going to do this nice , simple , happy whale design .
OZonrIUrCEQ hi , and welcome . today , we 're going to show you how to pick a hair relaxer . now , this is something i do n't suggest , for someone that is not a professional , but if you just have to do your own hair , and you ca n't make it in to the salon , we 're going to show you how to pick a hair relaxer . now , number one thing is , there is a such thing as a no lye , which comes in two parts , and there 's also a no base , which comes in one part . now , there 's a great difference between the two , and if you 're buying your products in a local beauty supply store , i would stay away from the two part . the only reason why i say this , is because you 're not a professional , and sometimes , we do n't know exactly when to take the relaxer off , and these can leave your hair dry and brittle . the second thing is that , the no base relaxer , which you use right out of the tub , can be better for the hair , but it can also be an irritant . it can also irritate the scalp , so again , use caution when using these products . they 're very good for straightening out the hair , and they can leave you with silky , flowing hair , but if they 're not used correctly , you can end up with a lot of problems , so remember , be careful when choosing a relaxer . ask a professional , and take precaution . my name is sylvia russell , and this is how you pick a hair relaxer .
1AVrebTzXws hi , i ’ m dean donnel for expertvillage.com . now we ’ re going to drain the oil . i ’ d like to use a large pan to catch the oil because that way you avoid a mess , using a smaller one just won ’ t work . the drain plug is located in the center of the pan usually , i ’ m going to look for it now to locate it . this one happens to be on the end of the pan , which isn ’ t a problem and what i like to use is a crescent wrench because this wrench fits all and it ’ s easy to use . so we ’ ll take our crescent wrench , put it on the drain plug , start to unscrew the drain plug . okay , we ’ re unscrewing the plug , now its finger tight so you can unscrew it with your hand , let your oil drain . these are the steps we take to drain the oil in the vehicle .
fK3jvGvFqD4 my name is courtney hester on behalf of expert village . in the last clip i showed you how to make a desktop account for your child . in this clip i 'm going to show you how to password protect the administrative account or the parent account to restrict access for your child . we 're in the user accounts and here you can see the child 's account and our administrative account . if i click in the administrative account i can create a password . i 'm going to type in my new password and again type it in again and you can type in a hint word and then create password . when you click yes to file protect your documents , what that means is when your child logins into their account , they wo n't have access to your my documents file and all the previous files that you 've created . now you 've created a password for your account and when it 's time to login your child will not be able to access your account if they do n't have the password . they will only be able to access their account .
zoEeOGGX3ug you know because of the growing concerns of fuel costs , energy conservation and pollution , there are a number of things we can do to take action in today 's world . hi i 'm captain joe bruni . what we are going to talk about is basically how to prevent global warming or commonly known as going green . there 's many steps we can take to reduce our emissions , reduce pollution , and reduce the amount of energy that we use every day as individuals . we can start by keeping our car in good running order and planning our trips accordingly so we run several errands in one trip , one right after the other . another is to have a energy audit done on the home . turning off things that use power every day . televisions , computers , chargers and things along those lines are using power the whole time they are plugged in even when they are in the sleep mode . those could be unplugged . things like energy blankets around the hot water tank and using less energy overall by using the new fluorescent type of bulbs that use about one third less energy then the incandescent bulbs . and things along those lines can help reduce energy consumption and pollution . using less gasoline to power lawn equipment , and going more with electrical power equipment would be another way . there are many ways to go green and to reduce global warming , it takes just a little bit of research and time on every individual 's part to think how we can be more efficient and use less energy and reduce our emissions and pollution . i 'm captain joe bruni , stay safe and we 'll see you next time .
nbZApLfFtd4 all right , folks , in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to draw an ecstatic expression on a cartoon character , just really overjoyed , happy face . i 'm going to do it right up here in this corner . so , let 's move up there . ok , and the key to this one will definitely be , as well , in the eyes . we 're going to make them extra big . and one way to make the eyes look all ecstatic is , traditionally , you would draw some sort of eyebrow or an eyelid definition , but we 're not going to do that . that really helps sell the ecstatic expression . make the mouth as high up as it possibly can be . nice and big . and then draw his tongue . now , that really helps sell the happy expression . another way you can do it , just to really make sure they know this guy is ecstatic about something , is make his eyebrows really high up . normally , they 'd be somewhere in this area . we 're raising them just a bit there , just to make them really sell the fact that this guy 's insanely happy . then you come right around here , just kind of build around , a giant open mouth . just like that . come in here and draw the ears and up to the hair . the eyebrows , in this case , will actually overlap the hair just a little bit . that 's ok. it 's kind of a good way to show just how happy he is . and you can call a lot of attention to the eyebrows if you want . looks a little silly , i know , but it 's just a good , solid way to show that the character 's really happy . raise his eyebrows up . make his eyes wide and full . mouth open like that . make sure the tongue is clearly defined in there . and there you have it . this would be definitely the ecstatic look . all right . and there you have it .
sqyHnfLQSBw right now , we 're going to learn the a minor scale . earlier , we learned the a major scale along with the a major arpeggio . a little later , we 're going to learn the a minor arpeggio to go along with this . but , this is the a minor scale . ( plays ) . and now , we 're going to go down the scale . ( plays ) . so , that was the a minor scale and a little bit later , we 're going to learn the a minor arpeggio .
l8pE08CpyvI hi , i 'm gail hoffman from middltown beach , florida . on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to make for you a baked alaska . you need to find a bowl that is going to fit the cake . you want the diameter of the cake on the bowl to be the same . so when it fits on top of it , it will be nice and smooth . i have already baked a cake . this is a yellow cake to go with my chocolate and strawberry ice cream and i 'm going to cut it because it 's slightly larger than the bowl . to do that , i 'm laying it down on a piece of parchment paper and i 'm removing my parchment paper i used to bake . with a nice sharp knife , i 'm going to just basically cut along the side of the bowl and you can take the leftover cake and eat it plain . you can do all different kinds of cakes too and mix them with the different ice cream , you can do a chocolate cake and make chocolate mint ice cream or chocolate cake with a sorbet or something . if you wanted to make it a little bit lighter but now that we have our cake cut i 'm ready to form the ice cream mold .
ews2K5biias hi , my name 's dave andrews . today i 'm going to show you how to change the ip address of microsoft windows vista . let 's go down here to the bottom on the vista start bar which is this little round button , and we 're going to run a command prompt . at this command prompt , to see your current ip address type `` ipconfig '' , all one word . this will list out all of the adapters for a network that are installed on your pc , and the one that we 're concerned with is the `` ethernet adapter local area connection '' which is this one right here . just look down right below it as you can see the ip version 4 address that 's been assigned to us is 192.168.1.50. inside the control panel find the `` network and sharing center '' , and this lists your current network settings and their status . what we have here is `` access local area connection '' . to change the ip address on it let 's click on `` view status '' , and then down here at the bottom we 're going to click on `` properties '' . this shows you all the protocols that are installed for that adapter . the one that we 're concerned with is `` internet protocol 4 '' , or `` ip 4 '' . select `` internet protocol 4 '' and click `` properties '' . it 's currently selected to obtain an ip address automatically from our router , but we 're wanting to change that , so click on `` use the following ip address '' . we 're going to change it to 192.168.1.51. now what we had before was 50 so we 're just going to bump it up by one . the subnet mask is automatically populated as soon as you pop it into there . the default gateway is going to be the ip address of your router , which in this case is 192.168.1.1. you probably do n't have your own dns server on your network , so you want to pipe that up to your router too , 192.168.1.1. after you 've got all this typed in let 's just click `` ok '' , and `` close '' . that will actually apply the changes that you 've just made . let 's go back to our command prompt and verify that those changes have taken place . we 're going to type , one more time , `` ipconfig '' and press `` enter '' . as you can see under our local area connection , ip address 192.168.1.51 .
5_H0TSHxUI8 welcome to expert village . my name is dr. ed riffel . i am going all the way over into full inversion . i am freely hanging by my ankles and i want to relax my ankles so i do n't pull any of the musculature . i am hanging upside down now , full extension . if you have any problems with your sinuses you might feel a little pressure so i 'm just letting you know that . you just want to hang here and let your arms hang . and we can do various exercises here which we will get into in our next clips .
fCEBdBlaapg on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is paul louis from puppets and stuff puppets and i like to welcome you on how to start you very own puppet company . okay you got your puppeteers now but , you got your puppeteers does n't necessarily mean that they all know how to operate the puppets . alright hopeful you had a audition process were you see if the person that you are recruiting has potential to be a puppeteer . some of them may be natural puppeteers and they know how to operate puppets beautifully but , if they do n't you could train them . i would suggest to pick up some books on proper mutilation for puppeteers because there is a right way and a wrong way to operate puppets . now at expert village i placed a video on tips for the puppeteer . tips for the puppeteers so you may want to check that out it has some great tips on how to operate characters for there , stage , film , what ever . there is definitely do 's and don'ts when operating characters . every thinks that it is just so easy to put a puppet on and make it come to life well it is definitely a skill that you have to either have . you could be trained to do it but , definitely you want to make sure that the people that you audition at least have the potential to get to that next level .
14_kMiVN63k hi i 'm karen for expert village today we 'll be making cholent , cholent is a one pot meal traditionally served for shabbet lunch . it was develop so that you could cook it a day before and then have a hot meal for lunch without having to do any cooking . the ingredients we 'll be using are 2 lb of meat now you can use all kinds of different meats , there are many many recipes for cholent . you can use briskets , or marrow bones , stew meat , i 'm using a dark meat turkey called churma you can also use chicken and a lot of soy substitute meats , they 'll all work fine . we 're also using 6 potatoes , 2 onions , 1/2 cup of barley , 1/4 cup of barbecue sauce , 1 can of beans , 2 tablespoons of olive oil , 3 cloves of garlic , 1/2 teaspoon of pepper , and 1 teaspoon of salt .
mvqJdvACBXg the next thing i am going to talk to you about are the different types of trail ratings . basically there are three to four different types . you have your green circle , your blue square , and then you can either have one diamond or two diamonds but either way they are both going to be black . the green circle terrain is something that is probably going to look a little bit like this . it is going to be nice and steep so you can allow yourself to pick up speed but there is not going to be very many variables on it . it is more of a beginner 's trail for some of you who just topped off the bunny slope . the blue square trail is probably going to be a little bit not as flat , and they are going to throw a little bit more variables at you . it is not going to be every so many feet but i mean it is not going to be as flat as something like this and then blacks and double blacks not only are they going steeper but they tend to put in mogul sections and on a double black you are probably going to go even more steeper with even more moguls and basically the easiest way to do it is one , two , three , one you are a beginner , two you are intermediate , three you are advanced and if you find yourself on a trail that is higher than what you rate yourself , stay off of it .
UM7v9AeDBSM kevin barrett : all right . now , you are an expert of the wheelchair now , right ? okay , now the only thing you need to know is how to get down safely . i showed you the falling way but that 's really not fun because you can hurt yourself pretty bad , right ? so , the best way to actually get off this wheelie is just like i was showing before , you know how to rock now , you 've been doing your training . so , you 'll notice that if you push forward too much , you 're going to go backwards too far , right ? if you pull backwards , you 're going to go forwards , all right ? so this is very easy , very simple step , a no-brainer but i 'm still going to tell you how to do this just in case you were wondering . all you 're going to do , pull forward , and it drops you down , right ? then , it 's as easy as putting on the brakes , taking the thing off , and getting out and going , all right ? so , that the easiest way to actually get out of your wheelchair once you are up .
PBSifQowOws there 's all kinds of unusual clocks out there . most of what we 've looked at , basically have a face and hands , that indicate the time in a traditional manner , and do n't do much else , except maybe some striking , but timepieces were used for many other purposes too , where you wanted to time things in a specific way , or have some additional features on a clock , that would n't be on an ordinary clock . we can look here . this is a pigeon race timer , so when you were racing your pigeons , the pigeons would have a band on their leg . when the pigeon returned , the band would be dropped into here . later on , you could see the band 's position , and note the time that the pigeon returned , and that way , you see who won the pigeon race . chess timers , two clocks here . as you started to make your move , you would press that when it was your turn . when you stopped , you would press the other side , so that each chess player had the same amount of time to play . this is actually a waltham . this is a gas light clock , where this clock would be affixed to the gas fixture of your gaslight at home , and the light would shine through the milk glass face , to show you the time at night . you can see that glass is cracked , like almost all of them are , from the heat of the gas flame . this is an english reminder clock . not only does it tell the time , but if you wanted to , let 's say wake up at a certain time . here 's our nice label explaining it all , but you would take this ivory tab , perhaps write on here , take pill . put it in the time you wanted to take it , say if this were two o'clock . this rotates as the clock runs . at two o'clock , our tab drops through , falls into here , lowers this down , and a bell rings , at which time you read it , and say , oh yes , take pill , and you 're ready to start it again . finally , our orrery clock . this is both an annular clock , indicating the time on horizontal dials , and there are many french clocks , particularly of that style , but this adds a whole orrery system up here , where you actually see the sun , and several of the planets , including the earth with it 's moon , which rotate also , as the clock is running , so if you want to do more than just tell the time , or perhaps just tell the time and know the date . there are many versions of timekeepers that are a lot of fun to own , and to watch .
diNgmF_HXLQ alright , drink we 're about to make is called a psycho . let 's go ahead and put some ice in a glass and we 'll measure out one , i 'm sorry , two ounces of rum , here 's one and two . follow that up with one ounce of galliano . and next we will add four ounces of orange juice and four ounces of pineapple juice or whatever you have left , how many you have left . now let 's go ahead and shake that up , let 's mix it back and forth a couple of times , that 'll do and we got our glass . go ahead and strain in over some ice . and the last thing we 'll do is add some grenadine . this is the perfect opportunity to get a little `` wee , wee , wee '' . alright . add a straw and bottoms up !
SOnsNPuMpZs hi my name is adam bowling . i 'm representing the christian martial arts association . on behalf of expert village , i 'm here to talk to you about the five animal forms of kung fu . i 'm going to talk to you now about the chinese staff . the chinese word for the staff is the guan . the guan was a weapon that was very practical in use . the weapon was something that most everybody would have had access to . and to be able to use a guan meant that you 're going to be able to defend yourself pretty much anywhere because everybody basically carried a stick and it was seemingly a harmless instrument . unlike the japanese , it 's typically a softer wood . the wood that i 'm using here is called rutin . as you can see it bends . i believe that the reason for the bending is that so that when someone would be hit with a guan , it will be less at to kill and more at to whip and beat . so it 's not to kill the person . the guan was developed by monks as a weapon . and the monks were very concern about not killing so they would use weapon similar to this . the chinese guan does give you a whipping action , as you can see . the whip would allow for a person to feel the pain but not be internally harm . the guan is broken down into three sections similar to the japanese bow . the japanese called their staff a bow , and their bow is broken down into sections like this . the chinese generally break it down into sections like this . they longest section would be to keep your opponent away . the middle section would be use for blocking . the smaller section would be use for bracing , so that , most of your attack would be away from you . all the , this is generally how the bow was kept . there were different turns and maneuvers that you could do with the staff that will allow you to be able to switch sides . chinese staff .
th8HnYgpw2A hi ! i 'm carmen conde for expert village , and today i 'm going to talk to you about skipping stones . the first thing you 've got to know about skipping stones is choosing the right rock . the second thing you 've got to know about skipping stones is the proper technique for throwing the rock . the third you 've got to know you about skipping stones is choosing the right location . choosing the right location for skipping stones is one of the most important steps . make sure that the body of water you choose is calm . this means that there should n't be any waves . also thumb make sure that there are n't any objects , people , or other obstructions in the stones path , because this would impede the stone from skipping . obviously , this the wrong place for skipping stones . why ? because it is too shallow and it does not have enough space for skipping the stones . hi ! this carmen conde for expert village , and thank you for skipping stones with me .
qcewRMeCdbA so the most important aspect of even playing , before you start playing , is you want to kind of loosen your bow a bit . and at the very end , when you 're done playing , you 're going to completely loosen it before you put your bow away . but when you first take your bow out and your tightening your hair , you do n't want to tighten it too much . you actually want it to be slightly loose . you should be able to touch the stick against the hair , like that . you want it to be slightly loose , you do n't want your hair to be too taught , because when you try and play you 're going to feel it in your arms . so you kind of want to practice loosening it . then , at the end when you 're completely done playing , you 're going to loosen it all the way because you want the hair to kind of fall gently . but , again , you do n't want to loosen your hair too much because if you start loosening it you 're actually going to start taking your bow apart . when you , typically , get your hair changed what they do is they loosen your hair completely and then they replace it like that .
f9u6wQUyQGU your neighbor calls you and tells you that their teenage son has been arrested for shoplifting and they want your advice . hello , i 'm robert todd and i 'm here to answer the question how do you find out about the penalties for shoplifting . well , shoplifting is the act of stealing merchandise from a retail store or other type of shop . what constitutes shoplifting and what the penalties are is going to vary from state to state and sometimes from municipality to municipality . so , you 're going to want to check your particular states statutes dealing with shoplifting and the counties in which you reside and what their statutes are . perhaps the best one to consult with to know what the particular penalties are going to be for this particular charge of shoplifting is a criminal attorney that specializes in this area of law . someone who has dealt with shoplifting in the area in which the person was charged , that knows what the judges are doing in that particular area . i 'm robert todd and thank you for watching .
RWwNiOY7xsc and just like the other octaves we 've already learned , for the a octave , when you 're playing the a octave , again you want to hear a nice ringing sound . you can play the a string with the a note on the e string , like this . and you 'll know when you 've hit that , the a note on e string and it 's in tune because you hear a little bit of a ringing sound underneath , just like the other octaves . you could also play the , again just like the other octaves , play the a string with the a note on e string together . and that is the a octave and again , you can practice that just like the other octaves , it will help you not only tune , but also help you play in tune .
guv2h74Gpyk hi , i 'm jeff with the two wheeler dealer . today i 'm going to show you how to change a flat tire . there 's only about one tool that you need to change a flat tire . and that 's just a tire lever . yeah , you need at least one , up to about three . depending on how tight the tire is . usually you can get away with using just one . the first thing is , you want to start opposite the valve stem . insert the tire lever under one half of the tire bead . and you should then be able to just slowly pry it off . kind of unzip it all the way around , ending back opposite the valve stem . at that point , you should be able to reach inside that tire and remove the flat inner tube . and then you can grab a new inner tube , or either try to patch the flat one . but the next step to reinstalling it is going to be to inflate the tube with air , just to give it some shape . and then you 'll start opposite as in removal . and insert the stem into the hole in the rim . and then tuck that tire , or the inner tube up into the tire all the way around . and then starting at the valve , begin to reinstall the other half of the tire bead . being careful not to pinch the inner tube in between the tire and the rim as you work the bead back on . and you want to end up opposite that valve stem , so that you have the most slack in the tire to allow you to pop the last little bit back on . the trick is not to use any tools when you pry this last bit back on . otherwise you 're running a high risk of pinching the inner tube . you should be able to do it , just by working it on slowly . and there you have it . you can then just inflate it to , you know , recommended inflation pressure . which should be marked on the outside of pretty much all tires . that 's how you change a flat tire .
HB01hhonf8Q behind the back grabs , in front of the body grabs , now we 're going to move into the final section of the yellow belt test , which is strikes . the first strike is called munetsuki . mune , again is mid-level , tsuki being strike . so , munetsuki kotegaeishi is the technique . as he goes into strike , he has to make sure that he punches me in the stomach . one of my worst pet peeves is when people punch out here . i do n't care if he punches out here . i do n't care if he punches out here , if he does that all day long , all he 's doing is fanning me . it 's making me cool off . so he has to punch like he 's going to make me see my lunch . as he does that , i do my tenkan motion that we talked about in the very beginning , this turning motion . so as he strikes , i tenkan , control this wrist , and bring him back around . principle of dynamic reversal . it 's a bad spot to turn someone right around into this , because you 're giving him momentum to strike you with . if you watch his other hand , boom , he could really clean your clock from here . so you have to maintain control of this wrist from the very beginning . one , two . from here , kotegaeishi , like i talked before , is not a wrist lock out to the side , like this . a lot of styles like aikido you 'll see a big huge wrist lock , which gives it a really pretty fall , it looks very impressive on camera . but in reality , it gives him a lot of opportunity to punch , or to just knock my hands off , and put me in kotegaeishi myself . so instead we keep our kotegaeishis very small , and you 'll see from the next one i control the entire body with this . you 'll also see , i moved right into the pin that i discussed before . extending the shoulder into the ground , maintaining control , i 've got my entire workspace laid out before me . i used to do this technique to pin to the outside , but if he starts to move away , it 's too easy for me to lose that . so from here , i 've got him pinned here , and if he starts to get away , i can transition into a strike , to a head grab , to a knee drop , anything that i need is right here at my feet . control the arm , step away .
GxEiCCXSHTI on behalf of expert village i 'm mario amaya teaching you to play impetu . first we would focus on the right hand . ( playing guitar ) now we would focus on the left hand . ( playing guitar ) please see the next video in this series for the next segment of impetu .
uH8e61r-s2E the last one i 'm going to show you is the read mode . now the read mode is very , very important because of the fact that it allows you to use it . if you do n't have the read mode on you 're not going to be allowed to even view it . if it 's off all the automation that you recorded will still be there it 's just not allowing it to perform itself . so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to change this whole thing to read now . so now once i have it on read any automation that i just recorded is now going to be read by the computer and it 's going to work . it 's going to keep on moving and it 's going to allow you to view whatever you had just recorded as far as volume , any panning , any type of sends , you know what i 'm saying . these are all things that can be effected by the automation . you can view all this automation by changing your track view button on your pro-tools tracks . within each track you can choose which thing to view and you can view different automation , and control your automation with these faders or these encoders . this is going to help you a lot when recording your tracks because these are real tools that help you like tweak your sound , you know what i 'm saying . back in the olden days they did n't have digital things that could do this for you so what you had to do was do everything by hand . to move faders at the same time people had to use pencils and move faders at the same time . now everything is digital , automated and now you can do a lot of special things . so it 's good that you learn these and take advantage of the technology today .
ehqk9k4eL_k hi , my name is keith fitzpatrick with hip hop for kids and we are going to go over break it down . so a really easy step and this is another little toe step like we have been doing with some of the other ones but with this one you are going to have a little bit more bounce in your upper body . so with this one you are going to start forward , you 'll come forward , you bring your foot up , you bring it down , then you 'll bring this one up and you 'll bring it down , so you 'll come boom , here , boom , here , boom , here . so again , you are here , boom , here , boom , here , boom , here , boom up . so as opposed to the other ones when you were doing this , but with this you are using upper body , you are bouncing that way you want to bounce boom , up , boom , here , boom here so with that last one you can turn up and you want to turn your body this way and start over again or you can bring your body this way and change your direction so you can just go here up down , up , here , up , down , up , change , boom , boom , here , boom , here down , up and then you can just come back that way and change the direction but every time you are doing it you want to really look like you 're breaking it down and that 's your break it down .
Hz1gHl4p8h4 when you play this game , you '' ll find that you can win it regularly enough . so i 'm going to submit that there can be a special rule to make things more difficult . regularly when we play baroness we have five cards up , and it 's five columns or stacks . and let 's say that i am in the middle of a play and i have this situation . i 'm stacking this a little bit . in this situation i can move this eight to this five , that 's thirteen , and move those two cards of to the foundation , off the tableau to the foundation . now with regular rules you 're allowed to fill these gaps . if you fill these gaps it makes it easier because you have more cards to choose from when you 're trying to make thirteen . to make things harder you can have a rule that you can not fill these gaps with cards from the tableau . you have , with a special rule you have to play like this . so you 're saying , blank spots , if you will , can only be filled with cards from the stockpile and not the tableau . if you play it that way it makes it more difficult .
cN0gkhWaQrQ okay . the drink we 're about to make is called alexander ( original ) . first thing we 're going to do is add some ice to a glass here . and we 're going to do one shot of gin . here we are . one shot of gin . follow that up with one shot of creme de cocoa . just how alexander likes it , the original . and finally , we 'll do about a shot of cream . okay . mix all the ingredients . mix it up real good . this is the original . this is not alexander . this is not alexander number two . evidently , this alexander existed before any other one . got it all mixed up , nice and frothy . glass is ready . pour it in . and look at that . alexander , original . bottoms up .
ehDv6Ufs0Ss hello , my name is doctor susan jewell . now , in this clip i 'm going to talk to you about a particular procedure called a testicular biopsy . now , when we perform a testicular biopsy is when a patient comes in and they might have several signs and symptoms of a possible suspicion of having testicular cancer . so the first thing we do is to order a testicular biopsy . now you think , `` what is this procedure ? '' well , here is a diagram . first of all , what is the definition of testicular biopsy ? well , basically it 's a simple , surgical procedure to remove a piece of tissue from the testicle . here you could see a diagram-picture of the testicle , and here 's a diagram of the testicle . here 's the testicle , the penis gland , and the testicle sitting in the scrotal sac . and here is a picture of the incisional sight . so for example , here is one of the testicles . if we suspect that the testicular cancer , or the tumorous mass , is within this testicle , we then do the incisional cut along this sight here . so , what is the procedure ? well , basically what we do is make an incision in the skin of the scrotum , and then we use a fine needle , or we use we use a very fine pair of scissors , and we actually snip out a small portion of the mass from the testicle itself . we then examine this mass tissue , little piece of tissue from the testicle , under a microscope to determine whether we see any cancerous cell growth at all . this simple procedure , called the testicular biopsy , which should could be done very simply either in the doctor 's office or in the clinic in the hospital .
Xp4_LVL2Dfs hello , mark bowers from bowers photography , bowersphotography.com . i 'm in utah . we 're here to talk about difference , or digital photography and the difference between digital photography and film . the biggest difference is more precise and many times we use a precise meter to get the light a little bit closer than with film . film had a little more forgiving latitude . you 're going to look for a really decent light meter or maybe a flash meter . film is beautiful and it 's great , but we 've shifted our whole studio now to digital . the lighting is basically the same with the same key light , fill light and hair light as with film . you just want to be a little bit more precise and there 's one more thing that you should be concerned about with digital , is digital is a lot more sensitive to color balance and color changes in your light . so you need to be aware of the color temperatures . film you can balance it just a little bit easier , but digital is a little bit more sensitive .
f9OsarAxuIQ today 's topic is how to choose the right tire , for winter driving . most cars come with a tire , that look like this . they have just a nice tread on them , and not very much aggressiveness . this tire has a little more aggressive tread on it . it 's better for winter driving , and there are tires with more aggressive tread than this . the way to choose the proper one , is to figure out where you are driving from . do you drive in town only ? are the streets plowed very well ? do you have a lot of snow ? if you 're in a place where there 's a lot of snow , you 'll want a very aggressive tire . maybe even one that has the holes in it , where they put studs in the tire , for ice . if you do n't do much highway driving , or areas where there 's not so much snow , an all terrain tire is probably the best . if you 're in an area where there 's a lot of snow , you might want to put the very aggressive tire on , which are more aggressive , and more aggressive , and this one is n't that very aggressive , but it 's a different type of tread . your dealers , most people who sell tires , can find out the proper tire for your car , according to your driving conditions . ask questions . do n't be ever afraid to ask a question of how you drive , and let them know how you drive and where you drive . this will give you the proper way to get the right tire , for your car .
tBLwSAhjyQo george engle : on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman , inc. , here in miami , florida , and today i 'm going to be showing you how to install a bi-fold door . and so , once you 've got everything pretty much ready for installation , make sure -- i always like to clean up after myself , i do n't like to leave miscellaneous tools , dust laying around because it makes it that much easy to work when you have a clean area and less stuff . you know , you do n't want to trip over any of this stuff when you work and you do n't want to any , the kids or whoever maybe walking by to trip over anything . so , it 's good idea to always pick up once you 've done the job , or at a certain stage of that job . i like to do it , of course , throughout the job because it 's much easier to work and stay organized that way .
ewTRUmG6X3g there are many different variations of snake arms . they go from absolutely large , huge slow snake arms to a little bit smaller . we are going to go over a low snake arm . sometimes the upper movements will hurt your shoulder so you want to make sure that you are not bothering your shoulder in this movement . you can also refer to our arm drills to help to train your body for this movement as well . so we are going to start with our elbow . the elbow is going to lift up and the wrist is going to lift up . then the elbow is going to drop . then the wrist is going to drop . the elbow is going to go up , wrist up , elbow drop , wrist drop . now , the beautiful part of this move is in the transition from here to here . so you want to make sure your elbow is coming up and then you ? re rolling down here . now watch the hand , make sure the hand does n't fly around . our palm is facing in and then the palm is facing out , as if your brush your fingertips along the wall . up and down , and you want to drill with both arms . up and down , again elbow , wrist , elbow , wrist . elbow , wrist , when you add both arms together that 's the tricky part . so you want to drill each arm separately before adding them together . one , two , switch , three . practice in front of a mirror so you can really watch yourself and make sure your doing them correctly .
oPr0vtlo55o on behalf of expert village my name is jim dufresne , i 'm here to tell you about the ebow and here 's the different parts . see that little blue edled it has a channel that the string that is driven resides in . and there 's two string guides in each side so that fits on there like that , see where that led is it 's driven that string . the led is n't driving the string it 's an electric magnetic force inside the unit that strives the string . the led access , the guide and i can switch from string to string cause i have string guides and the outside string take more of a challenge to master the technique . because there 's only one string guide it has a two position switch ; one for the fundamental harmony , and one for the upper harmonic . see there 's the fundamental and you can make your notes swell and volume , you can control the volume by getting it close to the pick up . then you can back it up a little bit like that you can let it rise up , can you see that , and you can control how much strive you want . you can add some brightness to that pick up and changes character completely .
giOX89zrQMc cindy mastry : chataraunga dandasana is the four-limb staff pose . it 's a pose that is oftentimes done incorrectly because of improper alignment which can really bother your shoulders . so when you can use a strap , it can really put you in a perfect alignment , and i recommend to anybody , no matter how perfect your chataraunga dandasana maybe , to try it this way just to make sure you 're in the proper alignment . so you 're going to make the strap into a little circle that 's just fits right above your elbows . so we 've already made this for faith so she 's going to come and put this on right above her elbows . yeah . and she 's going to hold it tight just like that . she 's going to come forward and place her hands down right under her shoulders . good . and then she 's going to extend her legs back and come up into plank pose . she 's going to lift way up on her toes and bring her weight forward , crown of the head forward , and then bring this strap right underneath and right along the bra line . good . and she 's just going to lay in that like a hammock . now , you need to notice that her wrist and elbow are in alignment . so you have to bring the elbow forward and what most people do is shoot their elbows back so their wrists are way forward of their elbow . you want to bring that elbow forward and you want to make sure your shoulders are no lower than your elbows . what most people try to do is bring their shoulders way forward and this can cause rotator cuff issues , all kinds of bad problems . so you want to keep your shoulders rotated back and down . good . and so then faith can just lower right to that point and then bring her weight forward and come right up into your up dog . good . so just resting in the hammock of the strap can improve the alignment of your chataraunga dandasana . it 's also safe to do if you do have any shoulder issues .
AUgvJOOZkaY hi this is karen for expert village . now to make the corner a little neater . we are going to fold in a forty-five degree angle and what you should have is this crease should line up with the crease along the edge . the bottom crease should line up along the bottom edge . then you get a nice corner fold there and repeat it on the other side matching those creases . it is going right at where the two folds bisected , you fold the corner up and then you fold each corner in to get a nice corner finish . now i 'm going to put a little bit , you can put glue or a little bit double stick tape to hold this edge down . you can put it the whole length if you want , i just put it in the center to hold it . okay ! now we would place our card , this is a quarter fold card that was out of a eight and a half by eleven sheet of paper in a quarter fold card . place this on this so you know it is going to fit and fold the card up and crease that well . push down , get it a nice firm crease , and then we are going to fold down the top of the envelope and get a good crease on that also . now if you like at this point we would open it up and just trim this edge here . we are going to cut here to here just to trim it up , you do n't have to but it just gives us a little bit nicer look on both of those corners .
U0gQq0qe64w now we are going to show you some more right hand stuff for the key of c. we are going to go back to the major progression doing a 1 , 6 , 2 , 5 and we are just going to really focus on the right hand . now when you are going to make melodies , it is all about space and timing so see i have the same quality but it is looping . leave a little space , a little more space and it is the space and time you get in between notes that really gives the importance . now here some people who try to improvise and ah and it is lot of notes and it sounds nice but there is no umph to it . you know it does n't have the soul so you want to really the more simple you can make it the better . a little chromatics there . i like to use a lot of pentatonics too which is 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 gives it that nice happy overtone . you can put flat third in there , blues note . so in the key of c , you can see the blues notes are these notes right here . it 's half of the root of 2 and the bottom of the group of three .
jw5ie_WsNhE the splatter shield is good for a number of things . first the title splatter would make you think that it 's going to keep everything inside this is n't always true although it helps a great deal . one of the best things it 's for is when you 're incorporating ingredients while the mixer is already on . so if you 're whisking something you can just pour your ingredients in while it 's mixing and you do n't have to worry about them traveling to far a field . this works much better with liquids than with using flower or sugar other drier ingredients have a tendency to still be able to kind of splatter a bit . cause they are more of a powdery texture which it 's still going to come up but if you 're using adding liquid ingredients this could be invaluable . you can see how this is caught splatters of the water on the edge so this is what you are trying to avoid and getting that out . however if you are adding in dry ingredients after liquid they are probably going to stick to your splatter shield . so while it 's useful for many things it 's not a cural and you still have to take into account what you are adding and how fast your mixer is going before counting on the splatter shield to keep everything inside .
fATKWFzrMB0 hi . i 'm vickie pavone on behalf of expert village . in this series we 'll be talking about the basics of cross stitching . in this segment we 're going to talk about how to design a picture transparency paper , grid paper and your favorite photo that you want to turn into a cross stitch pattern . transparency paper comes in two styles , one for inkjet printers and one for your color printers . all you do is you 're going to use that as your paper . you put that in , you 're going to copy your grid paper onto it . now once you get your grid paper onto your transparency paper then you 're going to take your picture , put it underneath , put it through the copier again . you 'll now have your picture gridded out then you just take your colors , choose them . an easier option is to go online . many companies online , you send them your favorite photo , they 'll send you back a printed pattern with the colors and everything you need . and that 's how you use your transparency paper .
fxqhE8_eZfM alright . something that 's really important to remember ; as we 're going to move on , we 're going to repair this relationship , we 're presenting these solutions that we 're going to try out to try to save this relationship ; a very , very , very important word for you to remember is : affirm . and this may mean changing your whole relationship schema . but it 's very important , in order to repair a relationship , that you affirm each other . any strategy of relationship repair will only succeed if there are affirmations . and what affirmation is is positive talk versus negative talk . you 're implementing something . i want you to be more affectionate . so when that person is affectionate , you need to affirm that . i really like the way , i really like this , i appreciate that versus that 's no good when you do that , that stinks . get rid of the negative talk . replace it with affirmations and positive talk .
fHp2PhBJ_rc now , on our azalea , we have both of our petals folds completed on either side , what we 're going to do is we 're going to right here , on the back piece here , we 're going to fold it right along this edge here of this petal fold . what we 're going to do is we 're going to take it and just make sure that it 's going to be straight . right there , like so . just open it back up . you can see there 's our crease there . do the same on this side here . fold it over and crease it . i 'm going to just take and valley crease this part here . meaning , pushing it down deep in there . there we go . you 've go the complete kite shape like so . what we 're going to do is we 're just going to unfold everything we have just done . there 's our pattern . you can see what our pattern looks like . we 're going to go into the next step , which is going to be a lot of fun .
IAJ1j9B_pgI coach rudy , big ten alumni . very , very important as a wide receiver , as we break the huddle and we run to the line of scrimmage , we identify where the free safety 's at , where the corner 's at , so we have some kind of idea what coverage they 're in . we 're not going to know exactly , but we 'll have an idea . next , we never want to tip which way or we never want to indicate or give away which way the plays going . our eyes are always forward , right , our outside foot is always back , and our hands are always in the go position , which means they 're up here , ready to go . one of the things that everyone does on offense except for the receiver is listen to the cadence . not true with receivers . we watch the ball . so our eyes are forward . as soon as we hear the cadence we turn our head , we watch the ball . when it 's snapped , that 's when we go .
qOjEk8hraOU hi , i 'm dr. garrett smith with expert village . the exercise we 're going to go over now is a lower back exercise that also incorporates some balance . it 's called the one legged dead lift . some people add another term to it , the stiff legged one legged dead lift . it is with a bent knee so it 's not a straight leg . these are important tips that we 'll go over as we do it . first thing , you have to be able to balance on one leg . if you ca n't balance on one leg , do n't do this exercise . one leg is going to be up a little bit behind you , the standing leg is bent . you 'll see i might wobble a little bit during this , you need to be able to balance on one leg . we 're going to come over , bending the knee enough that we can keep our lower back fairly straight . come down , if you can to touch the floor . notice my knee is bent , i 'm not trying to do it from up here , i 'm down here , and then you straighten up . okay ? maybe touch your foot lightly to the floor just to check your balance . bending over to touch the floor , straightening up . i 'd say do all your repetitions for one leg first then switch legs , rather than switching legs each time . if you get more advanced at this and you want to add some weight , you can bring a weight into the picture . this is a kettlebell , some people do n't have this , you can do it with dumbbells . i 've even held plates , weight plates in my hands . typically , you 'd grab the weight with the opposite arm of the leg you 're standing on . we grab the weight , back is relatively flat , and we stand up with it . other arm is used for balance . again . a couple reps here . you can set the weight down for a second to check your balance . this is an exercise that really works a muscle called the gluten medius , which is helpful for balance . works your hamstrings , works you lower back , works the whole area we call the posterior chain . that 's about it . that is the stiff legged , one legged dead lift done both with weight and without . this is a kettlebell , basically a cannonball with a handle . this is the type of weight i 'm choosing to use in this exercise . you can also use a normal dumbbell . you can also , if you have weight plates like you would put on a barbell , you can use them too . you just hold them from the side and then you 've got your weight .
ex6LcQjTfuE now that the lip liner is on , we are going to do lipstick and lip gloss . we can get really funky here . you can get a really cool deep rich color or something brighter . i am going to use this glitz gloss . it is like a fuschia , burgundy color and it has a glitter to it . it is not highly pigmented , but i am going to use a deeper lip gloss on top of it , so i am going to do a mixing action . but it will give a really cool look to the lips , especially with the burgundy lip liner and her pink hair . it will look really neat . and it definitely has that glitter to it and will definitely glam the look up and that is what we are going for , the retro glam look . so , you just want to basically put it all over the lips . you ca n't mess this up . and just blend , blend , blend and more and more , depending on what look you want . and at this point , i am going to add a tiny bit more of the lip liner to accentuate it a bit more . that looks fantastic as it is , but i want to funk it up a tiny bit more . so i am going to use a bit of a gloss , kind-of like a deep grape gloss , then again , go right on top . i am going to keep it more in the pucker , pout area . exactly where she would pucker is where i am going to keep the gloss . she has nice bigs lips so we do n't have to put a tremendous amount of gloss on since the lips are nice and big . and there we go .
Ojc5W4ONCLA as you begin to play golf , the golf spikes on your golf shoes , are going to wear down , over time . i 'm jared garbett , with echo farms country club , and i 'm going to teach you how to change your golf spikes . you 're going to take a spike tool . you can get them at any pro shop , or most of the time , your local pro shop will change the spikes for you , if you ask them . you 're going to take your tool though , and insert it into the two holes , in the golf spike . you 're going to press down , and twist it out . the old spike , you can just do away with . then , you 'll get a new spike to replace it . you can begin the spike into the hole , with your hands . you 'll gently twist it in there , and it will click into place . you 're going to want to use your tool again , though , to lock it down . you 're going to twist it to the right , until it clicks three times . after that , the spike is locked in , and you 're ready to keep on playing golf . you always want to make sure you have fresh spikes on your shoes , so you do n't slip , whenever you 're swinging , and that is how you replace your golf spikes .
TKxt4NF6_yU now my horrendously ugly frog here this is how he is going to look at the end . except we have problems with his head up here . we need to solve that so what we are going to go is kind of kind of just press this down just a little bit . we need to expand it so this is the fun part of the frog . you take this end here and there you go blows him right on up . a little bit more there he is . just kind of push that down in there and there is your little frog . let 's work on this guy a little bit more . if you want to , you can reverse fold back down this top part here which would help that a lot which is why we have our handy dandy chopstick here . there we go and let 's see if he comes out any more . close enough .
amB8tBIOb-g ok , now we 'll cover three-two song clave with tumbao , on two drums . notice when i play it , that i will immediately go to the low drum , on the three side of the three-two song clave . the opposite of the song two-three clave . so , i will play it , and then count out the clave for you . here we go , i 'm going to count out the three-two song clave and play the tumbao . ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . notice that i went immediately to the three side , to the low drum , on the three side of the clave . once again , let me demonstrate the two-three song clave , versus what we just did with the three-two song clave . ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah , ah . that 's traditional two-three song clave , low drum on the three side of the clave . so we covered three-two song clave , and two-three song clave . tumbao on two drums .
hCOC5kOCkPk okay , a nice filler flower to compliment the tulips is babies breath . it 's like a classic combination . nice and springy . just take the babies breath . break it off into little pieces like this so it 's got just enough length to be sticking out beneath the heads of the tulips . and then what you want to do is cut each stem so you have a little point on it again and just slip it in between the tulips like that . make sure you 're getting it in the water . again you always want to make sure you 're cutting the stems just before you put them into water because they start sucking air and if you put them immediately into water they start sucking water and that 's the best thing for fresh flowers and for keeping them fresh . so again you 're just going to take your babies breath and you 're going to go in between the babies breath like this and just sometimes you have to wiggle it through , it does n't go in as easily . but you cut your stems and tuck them in and just keep going around like that until you get ... you can add as much as you want . sometimes it looks pretty with a lot of babies breath . just depending on the flower but this is tulips so it 's nice and springy looking . and we 're just going to keep going and filling in between the blooms and give it a nice fresh springy look . and that 's how you accessorize your tulips with a filler flower . just like that .
fKbrGn6c3us hi this is vickie pavone on behalf of expert village this clip is on starch . there are three different types of starch , the starch that you mix the fabrics the water in your washer machine which will give you a very nice , crisp heavy starch , the spray starch which will give you a little bit medium lighter starch and then your sizing which will give you the lightest of all . when using spray starch or sizing you want to use it inside of your shirt , this is mostly used to for military and law enforcement type uniforms . shake your can very gently and slowly go back and fourth across inside . let is settle you can tell it 's settle you will see the little sparkles or the little water drop lites on your shirt , once you 've done that on the inside your going to take the shirt and iron it on the outside . you 'll heart the crisp as you iron , once again you 'll hear it as you iron and there you go .
fFoY25BAiec hi , i´m julie hallinan and we´re in sedona , arizona and i´m here today on behalf of expert village . she brought it into the world in 1984 and originally they were in quite big bottles , not the little ones that we have now . and when she first created the she didn´t even know what they were for . she had to learn about to understand what it was that she had brought through . she took them to decorate a stand at an expo because she sold beauty cremes and she took the bottles to kind of brighten up the stand and get some attention and she found that people came and were attracted to the bottles and eventually she noticed that they were choosing bottles that matched in their own auric fields . because she could see energy . so she to kind of learn why do they match . the aura soma is an ongoing , it´s a living system , it´s an ongoing process , a discovery what it´s even about and she has sinced passed on in 91 and mike boot is now carrying on her work in england to bring aura soma to the entire world and we have practitioners in every contry , just about .
I5oS5Cy3_A4 deb huglin vogel : hi . i 'm debbie rob -- hi , i 'm debbie `` the roboteer , '' and i 'm here for expert village . we 're having so much fun making this wire sculpture lizard the way sandy calder taught me out of one big piece of wire . so it 's like a giant safety pin that 's really strong , and it has all sorts of tensile strength and kinetic energy , which means that it really can move . now , it will stand anywhere and you can put it in any position . it could be like godzilla and stand up on its back feet or do whatever you want . but right now , what we want to do is complete the head . and what i 'd like to do is wrap it up the neck and you could pass these eyes , and we 're going to go around the head just a bit , because what i want to do , as the very last thing , is to make a little mouth here with a forked tongue . to make a forked tongue -- here is where we 're finally cutting this big piece of wire . let 's see . i want this one . this is a wire cutter . i 'm going to cut the wire , then i 'm going to take it and i 'm going to fold it like this , and now you need to fold it back one , then squish it and pull it into place . now , we have a lizard with a forked tongue .
4lyv7V6ndBs this is an easel . and , the technical term for this easel is called a speed easel . and essentially , it is because it is pretty fast and easy to use . these cutouts here are for the size paper that i will be printing with . i lay my paper down . i lift up the top . i close it and i am good to go . this side is the eight by ten side . again , fast easy to use . i suggest most people that are beginning use this type of easel . it is very , very easy to use . behind me , is an easel that you can get much more precise with your crops , how you want your print to look . and , this is called a bladed easel . and , it has four blades on it and you essentially register the size of print you want to make . this easel can make up to an eleven by fourteen print . the other easel can only make up to an eight by ten . and , it is a little bit harder to use to essentially register your print . when i first started , i had a harder time using this easel than anything . but , i eventually figured it out and i love it . closes down , keeps my paper flat .
ezBIwzPAm9o so now , we 're going to start adding in the bass drum a little bit to our jazz pattern . the most important thing i can say about the bass drum is , this is n't rock , we 're not playing ... ..that 's not the sound that we want . we 're not slamming down on the bass drum by any means . in fact , with jazz , sometimes playing the bass drum as quietly as possible is what we want to do . it 's called `` feathering '' , just to create a little bit of low end in our pattern . so , i 'll start playing the jazz pattern , i 'm going to play the bass drum on quarter notes , one , two , three , four , just like i did with the snare . i 'll play quietly , then a little bit louder , but i 'm not going to be slamming down the bass drum at all . ( plays ) so as you can see , it 's possible to play the bass drum really , really quietly , and a lot of times in jazz , that 's really what we want to try to do . so , play around with playing quarter notes on the bass drum . you can even start very quietly , and increase the volume , but at least keep in mind in most jazz situations , that 's not a sound you 're going to hear very often .
PTeT6nLJGoU on behalf of expertvillage.com , i am jim koch and today we are going to be talking about home security . a few simple measures you can take to keep the guy that has the rock and the crowbar from getting into your house . one of the things with security is that most people do n't realize security is pretty much an illusion . the key to security is to make your house harder than your neighbor or the guy down the streets house to break into . what happens is if he takes a look at your house and sees that it is going to be tough , he moves on down the street to find a little easier house to work with . we are going to talk a little bit about the security cameras and the lighting and there is a lot of different things that you can do . some of the drastic measures are bars on the windows . you know security door on your house where you 've got the steel framed door . i found generally just a few deterrence is enough to make people move on to the next house . one of the things is a security camera . security camera system has gotten to be very simple , very easy to set up and quite economical . this system here not counting the vcr itself , i believe this ran about $ 50.00 . it 's not a real expensive system . now this is a wired system so it takes a little bit to use it . you know you actually have to run the wires but they make wireless cameras too that are a little more money and a lot easier to set up and just anybody who is a little bit handy can put one of these systems in . the beauty of it is you can be sitting and watching tv and in this case you see the guy and your bike is sitting in the driveway and nobody is messing with it . there is about a million different choices you can go with on these . basically i would say go with the best camera your budget will allow .
f8nscg4II20 alright folks , in this clip i 'm going to teach you how to draw a sweep . knock some guy off his feet . and , this page is really starting to look like quite a brawl , so i will move down here to this unused corner and draw the sweep right down there . alright folks , and what i did , is i actually sketched out the pose in pencil , the rough dimensions of it beforehand so i would know where i wanted everyone to be . and , first we 'll start with the attacker , and we 'll draw him in a karate pose , down low , and his leg sweeping leg will be kind of coming out like this . and , you 're going to want to make sure you draw the heel like that , so we know that this foot 's facing that way , and his other leg which is not the focal point , but yea , he still needs to have a lower leg . and , draw the motion path kind of coming up like that , to do the sweep . and , then we 'll draw the victim , kind of falling over himself this way , like he just got knocked off his feet , which obviously what a sweep is intended to do . so , he 's kind of going to come , be up in the air , and you can draw him , you know , as an exaggerated airborne pose as you want to really . i 'm going to make it look like this guy really got knocked off his feet here . his body is completely airborne , flying like he just got knocked completely off his feet , and that 's the whole point of the sweep , to show that the leg 's kind of came up out from under him , and now he 's falling backwards and onto the ground . so , that 's the angle that you want and obviously you 're going to add , this is just the rough design , you can add plenty of detail to it . but , the crouch down legs sweeping across motion path guy falling backwards is the key to drawing the sweep .
tUV8ZOMe0oo gliding swans double arm , arm circles . now for the gliding swans . if you 're not sure what that is . and you just happen to click on this one particular clip . or found it on line . you may want to look at that clip and get the technique , the proper technique . breathing and shoulder position and all of that . for the gliding swans . but the gliding is taken care with this piece of equipment . these are gliders . they come for , they may come for floor and for carpet . but if you do n't have that or you do n't want to go through the expense . you do n't need to . paper plates or styrofoam plates work just as good . put them in front of you , as you 're laying face down . you 're going to use the heel of your palm to press into the plate . so this will work well on carpet or on , on the floor . right now , on the floor , they 're working beautifully . when i lay down , heels together , toes apart . and pressing the legs together . want to position my arms or my , the heel of my palms , into the plates . also i extend my arms into the gliding . when i 'm going to do the gliding swan . keep the shoulders down , keep the head aligned with the rest of the spine . and i 'm going to take an inhale . as i exhale , i come up into the swan . now the double arm circles , is basically simultaneous . this is a challenging , very challenging move . bring it down . you do a few or as many as you can . but if you just , like i said . if you just found this clip , go back a little bit into the series . and take a look at the beginning . learn how to do the gliding swans . go into a circle . one single , before you do the doubles . this is very nice , once your back is strong and you need a challenge . this is not only for the back but it 's also going to work your upper body . including your arms , specially your triceps . so do n't be afraid to try . you 'll look good and feel better . bye bye .
IsmXAKnBrBw alright , now we 're going to put a little bit of glitter into amalia 's hair . i 'm just taking her clips out here . this is a really fun technique to do for kids , and going out trick or treating , halloween , just for parties . basically just get the hair ready , put a little bit of hair spray into the hair . and while it 's still wet you 're going to take your glitter , and just literally just drop it into the hair . it will stay there because of the hair spray . just literally put it all over , just drop it in . you can just brush it out a little bit if you want to . this is fun for going out at night , going to parties , this gives a little bit of a shimmer . if you want to , you can also get spray glitters that go right into the hair , or you can actually put aqua color right into the hair , paint into the hair with aqua color , and then go in it with glitter . and there 's lots of glitter hair sprays you can also use too . you can also use a color hairspray to put a base coat in and to make it darker , kind of like what we did with the girlactik where we had the darker base , and then put a light color glitter on top of it . when we come back we 'll do a little bit of body stuff , and we 're almost done .
ftjuWhEAa28 what we 're going to do with the stability ball is put it right here behind our knees and then facilitate a reverse curl . the key here is to use the ball for passive resistance . so we 're going to be kind of pressing against the ball with our legs as we curl up towards the air , so the ceiling . so you 've got just a small area to work here with the reverse curl . it 's a lower part of the rectus abdominis that you 're trying to focus in on . so again , put the ball between your knees and you 're going to drive it in with your heels , and lift and lower . again , make sure you 've got a good grip . try not to bring it out here , that 's different work . you want to try to maintain tabletop with knees over the hips . drive the ball in , curl and release . it 's not a big movement that you 're working with here -you 're working with a small range of motion here in this area , or at least trying to make it smaller . so just let your hands relax , shoulder blades , soft neck , inhale , exhale , curl and release . you can really hear and see me working there because it 's just a small movement that i 've got to control and squeeze this big cushion of air while i hold the contraction . work in to about 10 to 12 reps .
ez5W4rhnLwQ on behalf of expert village , i 'm lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to teach you how to make some cuban style picadillo . i want you to get an idea of what it looks like as it 's cooking . you want the sofrito , the red sofrito , and this a red sofrito , to cook for a while because you want it to get a little bit brown . not a lot , just a little bit , and to cook with all the stuff in there to simmer , to flavor it up . you want it to cook . you see how it 's kind of boiling ? i want you to let it boil for just a little bit . it 's going to pop up and boil . it 's important before you place your meat in here for it to do that , for it to go ahead and boil like that . there 's a couple of other ingredients that we 're going to go ahead and throw in there , but it 's after you put the picadillo , which is the ground beef and the pork . first , i 'm going to just stir this and let it boil again . before i place my other ingredients , i 'm going to get my meat and i 'm going to place it in there with the sauce and stir it .
gVG94uraEJE hi , i want some ice cream , i want sweet cream with oreo 's . we crush the spoon in , make it all delicious . you 're going to catch it and if you catch it , i 'm going to throw it to you , i 'm going to give it to you free . i 've been serving ice cream for about 6 months , they do n't train us with like tricks , unfortunately they show you how to do it and we all develop our own skill based on how we feel comfortable with . like i usually hit like this but that 's easiest on my wrist . i want you to step back a little bit , alright perfect ! ready , one , two and throw , yeah ! i totally caught it !
iha5WYpcnHg when you undertake a trip , it may be a good idea to have a gps , and that brings up how do you ask a guy for a date . this is dr. paul , author of `` boomer girls - a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating and host of ask dr. paul . ladies , that is really a tricky area for you and i understand it because more often than not , the man is asking you for a date . and the reason i meant that gps , i think that direction is critically important . and the direction you want to take with this is going from point a to point b in a roundabout way . you want to use an indirect approach . it 's more important for you to ask a man what interest area he may have . it may be football , it may be hockey , it may be nascar , whatever it may be , chat with him a little bit about it and then say , `` would you be interested in attending with me '' a place going to a sports bar or a nascar race or whatever it may be , a football game , and see how he reacts . if he reacts positively , then he may see you as a person that he 'd like to be around . and that would be a door opener . i think you 're looking more here for a door opener for what type of response and interest there is as opposed to hitting it heavy duty up front . get what interest area he has and then proceed with him on that basis . then you can move in other directions . but kind of keep that door opener attitude , and i believe you 'll have more success in asking a man out for a date . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow .
lx4ropvaDUs on behalf of expert village my name is dan head . because we are doing smoked chicken i 'm going to use 100 % mesquite wood chips in order to flavor it . this is another reason i did n't use the hard wood so we are just using a standard charcoal but its all wood and we are going to use these smoke wood chips . these need to soak for about 20 minutes so we are putting them on now before our fire gets going and then we are going to go prep the food . all you need is a hand full or two , mix them up and that is fully enough and now they just soak .
kgDd9NBWS44 so i 'm continuing to work on the legs and to be using my forearm and elbow here . i am working on the outside of the leg here . it is a much stronger tool in many ways . i am kind of just kneading the tissue on the side of the leg . as you can see i leave my hand here as a base , the mothering hand . as you can see sara 's feet are just naturally turned in pigeon toed . that is the exact way you should be with her hands to her side . you can take your time with this , it 's nothing to hurry . in fact a lot of times the clients will say i wish you would have spent more time in that one area . after a while as a therapist here you realize those areas that need more work and almost every recipient will gladly take more time in certain areas that is needed . so as i am finishing up here for this section of the massage i want to kind of spread the energy and keep my energy in my palms and tossing any way chi that is not needed and also it is assuring the partner that at least for now it is coming to a close so when we come back i 'll wrap up this section of the massage .
_VbrrudJb0k through all of our other segments we 've talked about the physical aspects of hitting the ball . we 've talked about your stance , stepping in the box , we 've talked about your hands , we 've talked about your head , talked about you know , where you need to be looking . we 've talked about actually getting your swing started . what we 're going to talk about now is the actual mental game ; thinking about baseball , thinking about hitting ; things like that . now , what we 're going to talk abut first is knowing your strike zone . very , very important , because you need to know your limitations ; what you can hit , what you can handle . again , strike zone ; just play your chest to roughly about your knees . again , you know , it varies whether you 're in little league , high school , college , you know , whatever , but that 's essentially the basic zone . now from this zone here , you also have a zone that goes this way , which is from this part to the plate to this part of the plate , seventeen inches . that 's essentially your zone . and again , because you have an umpire it 's subjective . he may give you a little bit more room from the inside , a little bit more room on the outside . it is , it 's going to vary from umpire to umpire . why do you want to know these things , why do you want to know , okay , this is a strike , this is not a strike ? well because , when the pitcher releases the ball , you have a split second . if you blink , you 're going to miss the pitch , so you have that much time to make a determination ; is this a strike ; can i hit it . that 's why before you ever step in the box you need to know this is from here to here is a strike . from here to here is a strike . this will make you way make it a much easier to make those quick split second decisions , and that 's knowing the strike zone .
xZSpoPlH84s on behalf of expert village my name is vince fazio and i 'm here to talk to you from the sedona art center about one session oil paintings . i mentioned that i 'm working on a glass palate here . the glass is placed into the box of my portable easel . this kind of easel is great for planer painting , as we mentioned . it 's also great for working on a small scale . working larger , i like a larger palate . i personally like a lot of room . but working on a small scale this works . also , with the glass i can clean it really easily in the middle of a painting process . disposable palates are great too . they come in sizes that will insert right into there . this is and ecl easel , one of a number of brands that combine the easel with the palate and so that becomes a very portable situation that you can move around . they also make cigar box size easels that you can carry around with you and have a little smaller sized palate surface . and that 's pretty nice . this easel will expand down to here ... it will go up so that we can put a much larger canvas on here . this easel i got exactly because it will take up to a sixteen by twenty canvas really easily . so you can see how big a canvas that can go out to here easily . but it 's also very handy for the small size . and this easel comes with a tripod . so this tripod is very malleable . you can do all kinds of neat things . i can tip it back and forth . i can also , if i 'm on uneven ground , pivot it this way and that way . the legs extend , so i can put this out to a standing height . so for standing or sitting , it 's very adjustable .
EhbJ-qg2xnE hi i 'm brie . now we 're going to learn part two of salsa . now in part two we 're going to add a stylish move called the tap . it 's really important ok , now watch me . one and two , tap . and you are going to tap with your right foot . tap . let ’ s try it again . one and two , tap . let ’ s try it from this angle . and one , and two , tap . from behind , one and two , tap . from this side . do n't forget your arms . one and two , tap . and from the front . another thing do n't forget the hips . rolling your hips is very important in salsa for male and female . so you want to remember your hips and your arms . do n't forget to tap . one and two , tap .
rZgip9ssqhk the first move , traveling move , i 'm going to show you is just simply walking with a move . what you want to do is just simply walk , just nice and gracefully , nice and slow , or you can put a little bit more pep in your step , if you want to . and we 're just going to add to moves to it . so , when we walk , we can add just a little shoulder shimmy and we 're just going to walk in a circle adding a shoulder shimmy . another thing you can do is just add a chest lift and walk , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift . you can add a snake arm and just walk and walk , walk , walk and walk . as long as your walking is done with intention and your moves are done with intention at the same time , it 's still going to come across beautifully . so any time you walk with a move , make sure you 're just doing it with intention . focusing more on what the move that you 're doing and this will get you from one place to the next place . this is just called walking with a move . again , you can do a little shoulder shimmy while you 're walking , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , chest lift , snake arm , snake arm , snake arm . that 's walking with a move .
oxjTl1bTJzI okay so now we have opened the vessel here the form and we 're ready to start raising the walls of this salad bowl . and we want a lot of water on our hands so that the clay does n't grab . you do n't want the clay to grab your hands , however you do n't want to get the clay overly wet because then it will get all soggy on you and then it will lose shape and collapse the form . the general process is you are drawing clay from the bottom of the pot and you are pulling it up through the walls . you can see it kind of spirals up like that and we 'll keep doing this until we have gotten clay up into the walls of our bowl . now you can see that i 'm opening the shape up as i 'm going too because we are going to make a bowl out of this . if i were making a jar or something like that i would be bringing it straight up but there we have brought up the walls of the pot and now i am ready to shape the pot and we 're going to do that next .
SC6_tSit79E hi i 'm rachel dayan for expert village now i 'm going to show you how the falafel is served . as i mentioned before it can either be eaten on a plate we put the falafel and all the salads with the pita on the side . or we can make a sandwich by cutting the pita in the middle on the top middle . cutting it open it makes a nice little pocket and we 're going to spread the chumous in the techina . i put the chumous on the outside and the techina in the middle we take them and spread them on both sides of the pocket . the little pita pocket then we put the eggplants one eggplant , the falafel balls i made the falafel balls big so only 3 fits inside . we 're going to put the salad on top and then we 're going to put some more chumous and techina on top if you like french fries you can always add french fries to the sandwich or if you like it more spicy you can put pieces of hot pepper .
Gvo_YK6zbu0 hi ! i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make a cat costume for this halloween . let 's take up our cat costume from bottom to top . we 're going to start off with the feet . for the feet you 're going to need 2 items . first off , you 're going to need some black socks , some good old basic black socks . that 's going to get it done for you . you can get these black socks in most convenient stores . our overall costume is going to be black . we 're going to be a black cat on halloween , so definitely get yourself some black socks . you may own some already . they 're certainly much more common than they used to be . as long as they 're not the really formal socks , which tend to fall down off your ankles within the first 5 seconds of putting them on . it 's going to great . you 're going to want some socks that are going to be staying up , so you do n't want the socks that end right on your ankle either . definitely up to your mid calf , because what we 're going to do is we 're covering up any flesh colored parts of our body so that we do n't have to put makeup over everything . in addition , shoes . any type of general black shoes will do . if you expect to be in a lot of slippery surfaces , i do n't recommend having a really flat bottom . slick bottom shoes are going to be slipping all night long . you can also of course the more industrial type of shoes like the tougher type of shoes . keep in mind , if you 're going for more of cat like look looking like a feline . felines are little more petite , a little more graceful , a little quite less clunky so to speak . definitely keep that in mind with your shoe choice .
ewpQfMUNM5E hi , this is david for expert village and today we are going to make a stuffed mirliton pirogue . okay now i 'm going to tell you the recipe and the ingredients that you are going to need . you are going to need 2 mirlitons , 1/2 pound of shrimp , 1/4 cup of diced bacon , 2 tablespoon of butter , a 1/4 minced onion , a 1/4 cup of minced celery , 2 tablespoons of chopped garlic , 2 tablespoons of diced tomato , a 1/4 cup of flour , 2 tablespoon of tomato sauce , a cup of shrimp stock , 1 cup of heavy whipping cream , 2 green onions chopped , salt and pepper , hot sauce to taste and parsley to garnish . and do n't forget the bread crumbs .
f3B40HkJfHw hi , i ? m melina piroso and welcome to expert village . today i ? m going to show you how to make cute little bag out of regular everyday fabrics . so the next step that we 're going to do is we 're going to sew our lining onto our bag . this can be a little tricky if you have a small bag like this because it 's very hard to position it under the sewing machine . what you want to do is you want to start sewing right on the outer , right where your seam is because that 's where you 're going to go back and forth . that 's where you 're going to start your stitch . and that 's where you 're going to go back and forth . and again , you want to make sure that you do have , because since now this stitch is going to go over the top of the outside of the bag , this again shows the importance of picking a thread that 's going to disappear in your fabric . the last thing you want is a colored thread line up at the top . pulling out pins as you go and holding your fabric straight . and this is probably the hardest part of the whole project , is keeping this hemline straight . ok .
JFRSJQCJ6gc joe wiles : hello , this is joe wiles with the rock and roll conservatory on behalf of expert village . we 're counting down the top 80 most downloaded guitar tabs on the internet . coming in at number 61 and finishing off our video from 80 to 61 is `` hysteria '' by muse . now , the whole introduction to this song starts with bass . that 's the key signature or that 's the signature riff for the song that everybody recognize , but it 's for the bass guitar . when the actual guitar kicks in , we use an octave technique in which we use our index finger on the 12th fret , skipping this one or muting it out with our index finger so it sounds like this . so it 's muted out . pinkie on the 14th fret of the g string . whenever i 'm doing an octaving technique or anything similar , i 'll always jam my pinkie into the strings . i do n't want to ring out . i use my thumb to meet the lower strings so i could just go wild on the strings . that way , these two strings are the only ones that are ringing out and it gives a lot of beef to the sound that you 're producing . okay ? now , i 'm going to show you all the octave parts and then i 'm going to show you the bend between them , okay ? the octave parts go -- with the bend , which i 'll show you later , down here . that 's just moving your octave part down a half step , down one fret . now , we move this same octave part down to the 8th and 10th fret and then down to the 7th and 9th fret . together , without the bend between them , it sounds like this . all right ? in the next segment , i 'm going to show you the bend and how to work it all together within the riff to make it complete , okay ? i 'll see you there .
ODZLR1edyRw it 's dow here at the firehouse car wash. today we 're teaching how to detail your boat like a professional . it 's this segment what i want to cover is cleaning the carpets and the floors . of course , just like anything we 're going to want to start with is vacuuming the carpets . and i like , really , there 's two tools that i like to do that . one is the claw , which goes and gets broad areas like that . the other is your crevice tool which you can swap out on the vacuum . and a good shop vac or you know , vacuum shop will have that . that allows you to get around the nooks , the crannies , down in the crevices , and do a real good job . once we 've vacuumed it , then we have the ability to go through and either spot clean the carpet . now , a professional shop like ours , if the carpet is older , we 're going to take it and extracting a chain and we go over every square inch of the carpet . it 's going to pull dirt , grime , grease , anything we 've got in the boat . sun tan lotions , things you 've spilled , you know , out of the carpets . a lot of these newer boats like this one , i love these features on these new mastercrafts , is the carpets actually pull right out . in one big piece , we can take them out the boat , we can wash them , we can hang them , we can hang them to dry . and then , we literally can carefully bring a hose in here and rinse the boat and rinse everything to the back where there 's a drainage , a drain back there and just flush all this all the stuff out . and dry it up real nice . then bring the carpet back in . but a lot of boats do n't have that option . so you 're going to need to clean the carpet in place . typically , you know , spotter , if you 're doing at home , with a little bit of with a towel , some degreaser you can spray it on it and that 'll take care of your carpets .
WbCVoJ4SM1M okay we are almost to our seam now so we want to be checking to make sure that we are good and lined up and just pull that all the way through , there we go . make sure that you are lining up and see this one is running a little bit ahead so i am going to skip that one and go ahead and pull that through , okay now just like we did for the outside one we are going to hit the one that is right in front of it and pull it through . my yarn is coming apart , if this happens to you just go ahead and take it back , if your yarn comes apart you can really mess yourself up , so take it back to where you were , hit the one right in front of the seam and instead of skipping the seam we are actually going to hit it , mostly because it is on the bottom because the seam is on the outside so we do n't want any spaces in here we want to make sure this bag is good and strong and you are actually able to use it and it is not just for decoration . now as you are going through here you want to hit all of these little top ones and just stick your needle through wherever it will go just to make sure it is connected and to loop it up . then stick your needle through the ones right after the seam on both sides . they may be a little tight but that is good , now we have that seam and you will see it flows across all the way where that seam is and that is exactly what we want as it goes along the base and the face of our bag .
q1vn33pflY8 now we 're going to begin with skin care . this is the most important step other than removal at the end of the night . you need to take care of your skin . your makeup is only going to look as good as the skin underneath it . you want to make sure that you cleanse your face completely before you start your makeup . do n't do your makeup over your old makeup from the night before . just do n't do it . cleanse your skin completely . make sure all the makeup residue is off . once your skin is completely cleansed , then immediately apply your moisturizer . depending on your skin type , you can use an oil-free moisturizer . a moisturizer with an spf is good for daytime . she has a little drier of a skin type , so i 'm going to use a bit of a more moisturizing moisturizer just to give a little more hydration . apply it all over the face and even down the neck . do n't forget the neck . the neck is a very important part . around the eyes . you do n't want to put a ton on , but definitely make sure that you spread it evenly and that all parts of your face have moisturizer on it . it 'll just make your makeup go on a lot nicer too . then i 'm going to use a little bit of an eye cream as well , which i think is very important . just around the eye area . put a tiny bit of eye cream before you start your makeup . anything you put around your eyes will go on so much smoother and your eyes is where you see your age most often , so you want to make sure that your eyes look fresh , young , and healthy . lastly , you want to put on a lip conditioner , especially if you 're using a lot of lip colors and especially in the winter . you want to make sure that your lips are very , very hydrated . rub your lips together . now we 're ready to start with foundation .
f2nG7osxqyc ok , now were going to talk about watering your compost pile . now here i have a nice barrel of water . and its spring water i think i will wash my hands while i am at it . from all that compost its a little stinky . now what were going to is i have put compost inoculants in this water which is going to it has micro organisms in the inoculants it has nutrients in there to feed the micro organisms so they have something to feed on while there getting established in the compost pile . so what were going to here is were going to take this old weed here and were going to do a little stirring . so were going to stir this barrel up . you can see the water is nice and clear right now when i get finished it will be all cloudy . now we stir it get a nice vortex going on . sucking in the energy of the universe as it vortexes down and then were going to take the watering can and fill this up with some of this nutrient rich compost starter and if you do n't have compost starter , now were going to water the pile but if you do n't have compost starter and you need compost starter . well you can contact me at chi of me at yahoo jb @ yahoo.com and i will fix you up with some compost starter and we will give you that e mail address again later on . but its important that you water this compost pile and get it nice and wet . not to wet it should be wet like a sponge . not dripping which takes quite a bit if water and you will want to come and water this compost pile if it is n't raining . periodically to keep it wet . this pile need watering just like a plant needs watering . the micro organisms in here if it dries out will die and leave the area . this pile will invite a lot of worms and all the little bugs that feed on the micro organisms create a very juicy wonderful amendment to put in your garden to help feed your plants because i mean thats what it all about is making this compost to feed your plants .
qqNL7qlx11k the next four exercises i am going to show you are going to be down on the floor if you at the beach , you going to need a towel , if you are at home you can for this on the carpet . first exercise i am going to show you is for your blue muscles , it 's an exercise that is going to target those blues and it 's called the quardrop hit extension , you are going to get down on your hands and knees i like to do this exercise on my forearms , however , you can start on your hands if you like , whatever feels more comfortable for you but , i am going to come down to my forearms and making sure you looking down towards the ground not looking up that put excess strain on your neck . from here once you are in your position i am going to have you bring your leg up , knees bent at 90 degrees , and relax that ankle , so when you bring your heel up pressing towards the ceiling , your heels coming towards the ceiling and you tightening and contracting your blue . bring you knee down to about 2 to 3 inches and repeat press up to the ceiling bring that knee down thinking about tightening , thinking about contracting your blue . now that is just one variation , now i 'm going to show you a straight leg variations as well . neck down to your forearms , straightening your leg and your flexing your ankle once again , lifting your heels towards the ceiling keeping you abdominal muscles tight , and lowering your toe down toward the floor , lifting up , lowering down , now this a great basic exercise for beginners , however , i do not recommend this exercise if you have back problems , back injuries , for it may place excess strain on your back if you already have pre-existing back conditions .
f5jhEigluQQ hi . i 'm mike meyers of zion wilderness survival school for expert village . one might wonder why campsite selection is important in a survival situation . certainly the comfort portion may not be important . but , there are things that need to be considered when you decide to bunk down for the night . there are a lot of dangers that exist in the wilderness that can effect where you camp . for instance , the area that we 're standing in right now , if you look behind me , we have this wall of rock . and , one would have to be concerned that any loose rock could fall down if you were camped below , and injure or kill you . we have a ravine here that actually goes down into a slot canyon and runs out into a creek below . if you had a rainstorm , and a rainstorm does n't have to be right here , it could be four miles away , and the water could come down this ravine and a flash flood setting could be eight , ten feet deep , running fifty , sixty miles an hour . you 'd never escape it . you 'd never be able to get up the walls of this rock formation quickly enough . other things that you need to think about , you do n't want to camp under trees that have dead limbs in them , something that could fall out of the tree and land on your tent . they 've actually had people killed in that way . you want to take a look at the surroundings and make sure you 're not getting ready to sleep where you have signs of rodents or animals , game trails . because if you have a lot of rodents around , you could find yourself infected with the types of diseases that rodents carry . so , you want to make sure that where you put your , your sleeping area is clean and clear of that sort of stuff . you want to make sure that you are n't crawling into a crevice or under a rock formation where maybe snakes could exist . a real danger there . if you find a cave or something that you want to go back into , throw a rock back in there , two or three of them . make sure that something does n't come scurrying out . in other words , take the time to make sure that the place you intend to sleep is going to allow you to sleep safely . you notice we 're on a hillside here above the lower areas , and that 's a good place often for a campsite . if you 're up on a hillside , those are going to be far less of a problem . they tend to like to be away from breezes and hillsides pick up breezes . another thing that you want to think about is water . if you find a water source , a small pond , or river , or a stream , it 's nice to be able to camp fairly near to that because you 're going to want to go back and forth to retrieve water . however , especially in the desert setting , do not camp too close to the water . animals like wild burros and big horn sheep will travel sometimes twenty miles just to get to a water source . and , if when they get there , you 're camped there . they 're not going to come around , and they 're going to leave . they could end up dying , or they may have to go another twenty miles to the second water source to get water . so , camp a least a few hundred feet away from the water source , so that you do n't threaten any animals who come down to , to get water . keep in mind also , if the animals come down for water , it 's a great place to potentially trap or kill an animal for food if necessary .
8Pdeqm9ZSiU now we 're ready to do the temper part . ok. so , we 're going to hit it with straight phthalo green . and actually this is going to work better if we do wet and wet . so , cleaning out this brush so i can leave the phthalo green on this one and just wetting the whole area . so you want to hit it , so that it 's just about full strength phthalo green . and i 'm going to have to add even more .
WepqCeUC-ik in this segment we 're going to talk about kick shots . now kick shots are what many people term bank shots . because they look a lot like a bank shot and they are actually lined up the same as you line up a bank shot . but , for serious pool players , they like to make a distinguishing difference between the two of them . in that a kick shot , to a pool player , means that your driving the cue ball to a cushion before it approaches an object ball , with a set up like this . so , if i drive this cue ball into that cushion , as such , to come over the hit that ball , then i 'm said to be kicking at it rather than banking it . so , it 's just a difference in the terminology . but , again , with serious players , if one of them is telling the other one , `` you need to play the kick shot here . '' then that other player knows exactly what they 're talking about . it means drive the cue ball off of a cushion towards an object ball before doing that . but , outside of that , as far as how you determine where to hit the cushion , it 's just like a bank shot . so , if i wanted this ball to come in , this cue ball to come off that cushion over to here , i have to figure out my angles so that i get my contact point going in so that i try to get the correct angle coming out to pocket my ball .
JFrmxRhqDfU the next step in our living room project is to re-assemble the ceiling we 've been working on . as you can see the tiles are dry . normally , i would recommend a second coat , and that goes for the lattice work as well and also for the wall , and the trim , but for the purposes of this demonstration we are just going to stick to one coat . so , let 's put these panels back up . again , be very careful because these things do crumble . it should just snap into place like that . ok , we are almost finished our how to paint a living room project . next i am going to show you how to clean up .
XpbiqHRnCng just sort of fan the pears out like a flower . french people seem to have a lot of fun with their food , that 's for sure . ok so that 's fine like that , and the last thing i 'm going to put on..so we 've got bitter leaves , sweet pear , now we 're going to add some very sharp roquefort cheese , a french blue cheese . and that 's going to be , really , a nice creamy taste and will act as most of the dressing in fact so we 're going to dress this quite sparingly . just some nice morsels of the roquefort right on top . some more for the second salad . ok , and now let 's make the vune dauget .
PXsfMpAR8Cs hi ! my name is jim goettler with expert village and this is a video about how to produce a small community festival . in this segment , i am going to discuss with you how to choose a location for your event . there are a couple of basic criteria that you should think about following whenever you are preparing your festival . the event should be in a location that is customer use . in other words , a place where people are used to going and do n't have to think about it too much . it can be a park , a street that is closed , it can be an indoor facility , somewhere that folks can get to and some place folks can get to easily . so think in terms of where buses run , where the parking is or is n't , way people can get there without people having to make a big effort . remember whenever you do your festival , other things are going to be going on at the same time so what you want to do is make it as easy as possible for folks to attend . you also want to think in terms of electricity . is there power ? you want to think in terms of water . is there drinking water or not ? if you do n't have electricity , there are ways around that . we can get generators and we can figure ways to supply electricity . if you do n't have drinking water , it gets a little more complicated but it can be done . but if this is a first time through the process and you are looking at a site without drinking water , i would suggest find another location , but not to say it ca n't happen . so when picking your location depends i would say on the familiarity of the location that people are used to going to and having basic services power and water and a place for people to park or near public transportation . the next section we are going to go to is going to be permits . i will be discussing permits and insurance issues that are somewhat daunting for folks . stay with me .
idM5NN8QMNs so far i 've showed you how to quantize after you record data . usually if you 're recording certain piano parts and things like that you may want to keep like a realistic feel , so you might not want to quantize , but sometimes with drums and things like that it 's almost always necessary to quantize . especially if you are using electronic drums and you 're doing more of a style of music that requires more straight on timing . so , what i 'm going to show you now is the input quantize . the input quantize basically lets you quantize on the way in . so when you 're actually recording it , it 's actually going to record it fixed . it 's going to fix the time automatically for you . what you 're going to do is you 're going to go to midi and go to input quantize . once you 've gone to input quantize this is going to set a quantize for you automatically . it 's going to have a filter and just quantize all the notes and set it at the right timing . just make sure that the `` enable input quantize '' is enabled . once this is enabled all your settings within here are going are going to affect your notes that you 're going to be recording . so making sure that everything is the way you want it and the enable is enabled .
KIzbnZ4hDEQ the next really good point for the lower leg , especially in the knees is called dispersing point , or stomach 41. and that one is going to be right at the top of the hock . and this one is pretty easy to find , there 's usually not a lot of muscle in this area . and again , your finger you go down below the joint and your finger just sort of falls into that hole . it 's a very good point for the lower legs in general . it 's particularly good for arthritis , it 's a good spot to use the straight up and down hold . you can use thumb pressure , you can also do a circular motion , but it is a good one to use that steady hold on . and it 's one that will work really well for any kind of pain and stiffness especially in the back legs . so it 's one you can use in various points . again usually with knees the problem will be one sided , but it never hurts to do both sides if your dog is relaxed and comfortable it 's a good idea to do both sides . it helps balance the legs as well especially if they 've been working one leg harder to favor the other .
vSrZLZJNj7s hi ! my name is courtney on behalf of expert village . in this series of clips , i 'm going to show you how to organize your various scrapbook supplies . when i take my scrapbook bag to a place to scrapbook , i do n't want to carry that bag with a bunch of other things to get there . i really want to take one bag . what we need to do is find a way to fit all of our supplies that we 're going to need in the bag . the biggest thing we need is our paper . one way to do that is to buy a binder like this one . some scrapbook bag will come with it . it has some dividers already and your papers just slide in between those dividers so that you can organize your paper by theme or by color . this divider is perfect for an 12x12 paper , and then you could also put your 8 1/2x11 in this binder . i like to keep my 8 1/2x11 paper separate , so i have a separate container . again , it 's got all of the dividers and i have my paper organized by color in the front . i had extra pockets , so i organized by theme in the bag . your stickers and other things fit in here as well . along with the binders , you can buy these plastic containers . they 're in search for the binders and they store die cuts , stickers , and all kinds of different paper embellishments that you 're going to need to scrapbook with . this is a great compact way to carry all of your scrapbooking supplies .
fJ0CyHNEOrE hi , this is david duke . welcome to expert village . ok , so in this clip we 're going to start putting in our battens . this glider is still essentially the prototypical training glider . it 's very light weight . it uses wires and the king posts to give it it 's structural bracing . which is a very light weight method of construction . much like bridges and the golden gate is suspended by and wires and cross bracing . light weight structure very strong . the more advanced gliders have gotten rid of all the wires up top and they 're called topless gliders . and so they have to have a much more heavy duty support inside . and that 's why the more advanced gliders weight a lot more . so we put the battens from longest to shortest . you want to dust the sand off so that you do n't sand out the batten pocket as you put it in . they 're attached with these strings back here . it 's very difficult to set it up incorrectly , it 's very straight forward . like a modern tent . it 's designed not to be set up wrong . it 's hard to set it up wrong . it takes about ten minutes to set it up . the next thing before i get to these , you see that the wings are down on the ground . we 're going to tension the wing , which pulls the cross bar . this big structural piece here that 's hinged there , pulls it back , tightens up the wings and makes into a strong air frame . to do that i just pull this guy back here and attach it here . these are called luff lines and the whole thing together is called the reflex bridle . reflex is the curve that comes back out of the wing . i 'll take one of these battens out and show you . it 's very much like up elevator on an airplane . this is what keeps this glider wanting to fly with its nose up and prevents it from just spiraling into the ground . this structure here , the reflex bridle , makes it impossible for this wing to come and flip inside out . this piece sits on a little knob right there in the wing , that i 'm going to line it up to . this is called a washout strut , and it 's designed again to keep the back of the wing up , to keep the nose of the glider up . i need to set the nose batten into place . so if she was n't holding the tail , the wind would come right under there and flip this glider over on top of me . ok , so the nose batten 's in place . jana 's set up the other wing . we need to check the glider over and make sure it was all put together . that 's called the preflight .
uDx5h4CDkS4 hi i 'm patti german and i 'm a licensed marriage and family therapist here in new york city . in this clip we 're going to talk about how to do romantic things in your home . i think the most important thing about being in a relationship is sharing your time together and doing things together . the most arduous task can become a lot of fun and not as troublesome if you do it with your partner and you share the responsibility of it whether it be cleaning up the kitchen or vacuuming , or even painting a room . it is important to do it together and give each other space to feel safe in whatever you are doing where one person is n't controlling the other person and telling how everything should be done . it could be very very romantic to just be together in a room and talk and share each others ' thoughts and feelings without feeling judged and criticized . this is patti german in new york city .
llCYM7lq0n8 so now i 'm going to show you a bunch of different ways to make handles for your batter bowl . anytime that your making something that requires an handle you can have a lot of fun and get really experimental . one of my favorite handles to make for a batter bowl is a braided handle and the way that i do that is i take a little bit of clay about a hand full like that . make it in to a rough cylinder and then i roll snakes . just like when you were a kid . now the important thing when making a coil like this is to apply even pressure and to roll back and forth far enough that your getting a full round roll . if you do n't roll far enough if you just go back and forth back and forth you 'll end up with kind of an oval shaped tube and for a braid that ? s not going to work . so i like to get my coils pretty thin for this particular type of handle . that one ? s ready and then i will just do the same thing to this one and now i am ready to start making my braided handle .
kJr-lRnQ9tE hi , i am natalja from the red brick cafe . on behalf of expert village , we are going to learn how to properly make popular gourmet coffee house drinks . now we are going to learn how to make chai latte from scratch . a lot of places will actually use syrups for their chai lattes but i like to make it from loose leaf tea because it will taste fuller and much more fresher than just using the syrup . the first thing we want to do is to steep the tea in the pot . we are going to use one tea scoop and i am going to measure out 3 scoops of chai . depending on how much you are making , but i am making for actually several drinks , you might want to adjust the amount . next thing i am going to add to this , is sugar . it is going to be the same amount of sugar as chai . so 3 scoops of sugar . why you put sugar is because it is really going to draw out the flavor of the chai . so it is really an essential part of the drink . then we want to add hot water to this . so i am just going to fill this us with hot water . there we go . then we are just going to give it a little stir . really blend the sugar and the chai with the water . then we are going to have it steep for about 10 minutes . so it is going to be a really strong blend but not become too bitter . now to save time , i have already steeped some chai and put into this pitcher and kept it in the fridge . so you can actually keep this up to one or two days . so what we want actually to do is pour it half way through the cup so it has a strong flavor to it . we are actually going to use steam one to heat this up because it is cold right now . one important thing to do is not to let too much air into the chai when you are steeping it because it is going to become too bubbly . so you might want to put it half steamed because it is water based and is going to act a little different from milk . make sure you really clean the steam one so you do n't taint your other drinks with chai . just going to place this here while we steam our milk . i am just going to steam the milk just as i was steaming for a latte . we do n't want it too foamy . just want to heat up the milk . we are done steaming our milk . next thing i am going to do is add cinnamon to the chai . that is because , just like the sugar , it is going to add to the flavor . i am going to use a little stirring stick or you can also use a spoon . blend the cinnamon carefully into the top of the chai . just so we do n't have any chunks . then we are going to pour the milk into the chai . give it a little stir . and there you go . that 's a really flavorful chai latte .
aLPRDjum8O8 alrighty , then . we 've got our handle attached . and , we 're back outside and back to the angle grinder . now , i 've put another disk on this . this is a finer disk , so it 's going to make a little smoother cut . and , i 'm just going to grind down this a little bit . take some of the bark off . and , just kind of do anything i want . we 'll start the grinder up . and , what i 'm first going to do is just take little bits out . i 'm not going to grind for a long time . because , taking little bits out will gives us more contrast when we grind through the layers of bark . so , here we go with the noise and the dust . that looks pretty good . we 're going to sand it a little bit more . and , that should bring out some more of the wood grain . so , now we 're going to go our palm held sander with a two-twenty grit . and , gives this a light sanding all over .
I017TZzY2ho ok , so using the same brush you were just using to do the polka dots on the bandana , get a little bit more black and you 're going to be creating an eye patch . so this is really fun . kids love this . so , just turn the head a little bit , kind of , you can make the eye patch however shape you want . i love the classic fold . just like a shield over the eye . now , you want to be careful with kids ' eyes , but you can get pretty close to them without getting in there . so , i 'm just going to draw right outside of it and then fill it in . i think this is probably the more popular faces among the kids after `` pirates of the caribbean '' came out . right over the eyebrow , nice and thick , filled in . now , continue filling in the face however thick you want the black to be . i usually like it a nice light black . keep their eyes closed . you want to be very careful and not get too close to any juices of the eye ; that 's never cool . so , alright . now you need the attachments of the eye patch , which you can just keep bringing back into the side of the head . and then go and pull into the bottom of the bandana like it 's coming out of and from the bandana . so , here you go . clean up any loose lines and you have the face mask of a pirate eye patch . so that 's just starting off .
yUMDMSvGnP4 in this example , what i 'm going to do is just use chords and again , kind of going in timing with the effect . and i 'm just going to do a g five here on the g note on the fourth string on the fifth fret of the d , and then on the seventh fret of g and then the octave g on the b string on the eighth fret with that . and take that shape and then move it up a whole step to the seventh , ninth , and tenth fret on the d , g , and b. and end on c five , which is basically third fret c on the fifth string on a , fifth fret on the d and g strings . so using kinds of rhythmic . and you do n't have to use the pedal to do that either , i just like to do that sometimes because i want to cut out certain aspects of the effect as i 'm changing notes or chords , but in this case , i can just leave it out . and you can get , you can also use your hand , like i 'm using my picking hand to kind of suppress the effect more , rather than using my foot . have a nice , almost orchestral sounding effect with my chords .
WtnpsPPQBE4 john vandebrooke : my name is john vandebrooke and on behalf of expert village , i want you to take a look at beginning encaustic painting . we 're here at gallery north , which is an artist owned co-op in edmonds , washington . and i 've invited you here to talk to you about encaustic painting . now , encaustic painting means melted wax painting and it 's a very old ancient art form . the egyptians were doing it 2000 years ago and if you 're a traditional encaustic painter , you usually have a hot plate like a pancake griddle on which you put a whole bunch of pots , melt different colored waxes , dip brushes into it and begin to put very heavy layers of wax on usually a wooden board . then they will carve into that wax , put things into that wax , pour different colors into it and sometimes build up a quarter-inch thick of wax . i use a different method . i call it a european encaustic painting method that i learned from michael bossom in wales , and this is all done with hot tools .
_S1c7_muazM hi i 'm bulletyme , dance choreographer out here in l.a. here on behalf of expert village . this video we are going to learn how to..how do i say this ? just develop an internal groove for hip hop dance . we 've already accomplished the step , touch , right , and having our shoulders hung down . the next step is to now develop a motion in the head , that 's very easy . so you want to start with the feet apart , drop your shoulders , and rotate your shoulders forward like that and keep your head very , very loose , very loose and try to bounce your shoulders down as the head stays down yeah and then your shoulders lift first , and then it follows like that . like a little wave almost . and we 're going to try that much to music so you can get it timed right . ( music plays ) our favorite song and you , one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . ( clapping ) one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . same rhythm , that 's where you find you base groove and then you add that to your step , touch and you 're already on your way to being a really good hip hop dancer . stay tuned to next videos .
PqlmyFDIeUM so we 're going to move to the four and the four minor chord . we 're going to use the same shape that we used for the d. thinking about stringed instruments and shape is very helpful keeping things straight . so that shape is what we use for our d major chord . and the root was here , ok ? so our root for our g chord is here . and we 're going to use the same shape . ok , so starting on the third , there 's your g chord but then when it goes to a g minor chord , ok , and if we wanted to spread the g chord out a little bit , here 's your root of your g. you can come down here . ok , so up to this point we have , i was doing like a little dotted quarter note kind of thing . but same shape again , so we 're kind of moving our way through the song .
fGpZTRPFf9Y hi this is rich buccola here in new york city and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to take all of that frozen pasta sauce that you have in your freezer and show you different ways to make some fast inexpensive pizza where you and the kids can have fun making it . so were back we made some great bruschetta to start off now your going to go back on expert village i actually made gravy a pasta marina sauce and i tell you to freeze it cause i make a lot of me . it 's just cheaper to make that way and so what i do with my kids a lot i get them involved is i make pizza i 'm not great at making pizza dough so there 's other ways to easily substitute pizza dough and one of them is using the pita bread i just showed you how to cook in this segment your going to do basically the same way . another one is english muffin pizza 's which are fun and the kids will love them and they love to make them and then you just might have a half of loaf bread laying around . that 's the third way i 'm going to show you today how to make your going to take a half of loaf french bread and show you how to make a pizza on this . also on expert village i make how to make garlic bread a real easy way is to take that garlic bread and get some fresh mozerilla and some of your tomatoes that i used for marina sauce . soon as that garlic bread comes out you add some sauce add some shredded cheese put it back in the oven 350 so the cheese is melted you got a great pizza on your garlic bread . i 'm not going to show you today i 'm just going to tell you when i come back were going to start making some pizza your hungry i am .
Tn8eOtl0mAI once you have your initial chain compare it to the width of your calm take out the loop so you have room to work with it and see if it fits around it . it needs to be pretty snug . this does n't quite fit even if it stretches and it fits then that is good but this does not quite fit so i am going to add a couple more loops to it . probably about four . now let 's see how it fits . yes that fits perfect . you just barely have to stretch it for it to fit . there we go now we have the very top of the leg warmer .
pksbURaCHa0 in this clip we 're going to cover how to deal with writer 's block . now i 'm sure you know that dreaded feeling of when you have things really cooking on a project , your creative juices are flowing , and then one day you go to work on it and all of a sudden it 's blank , nothing . you ca n't seem to get past that , you ca n't seem to know where to start . the main thing there is to not get down on yourself and not get upset . writer 's block is completely normal . you might try the obvious which i 'm sure you 've thought of is just taking a little time , getting away from that project . taking a walk , changing your routine a bit , and going back to it later . now if you notice you still ca n't get rid of that writer 's block , i think it really breaks down to , it could be in two possible areas that there 's a problem . one is personal things going on , and another is problems relating directly to that project . now on a personal note you may have things as silly as cleaning the garage or calling to make that dentist appointment , making some phone calls -all these little nagging things that are in the back of your mind . normally you can deal with those , but when you 've got the pressure of writing and your being creative that 's taking up all that room , these nagging little things can all of a sudden have a louder voice . sometimes if you recognize that helps it . other times it 's just like you might have to really take out that time and go clean the garage . i hate to tell you to do that , i hate that myself , but that might be the answer . take care of some of these nagging things and you 'll find that when you sit down you can feel like , `` hey , i can justify this time of sitting down and working on my project . '' now the other possibility might be that your writer 's block is based on your specific project . you may be doing too much . you may be doing twenty page dissertations on each character and their backgrounds . in that case , somewhere in your back of your mind , it 's going `` this is too much , '' and you 're blowing a fuse . you need to , in that case , do the basic research you need and jump into your project , move forward . if you 're having a problem in one area , move to something else . put your time working on your project into writing , into jumping in into that creative process as soon as you can , and getting a rhythm . now my personal take on writer 's block is that when we 're creating , when we 're writing a play and dealing with all of the characters and the plot points and putting it all together and pouring fourth that creative energy , we 're using a lot of our brainpower . to me , when we 're doing daily chores and going to work and driving around , we 're plugging our brains into the wall socket . when we 're writing a play and being creative , we 're plugging our brains into the power plant down the street . usually as you 're writing , even if you 're stuck on some things like you 'll have a couple great characters , you 'll have certain plot points that are really working and areas you can move forward , if you get stuck in all of those areas , your brain just might shut down . so you need to step back and really look and maybe see what the problem is . maybe you need to add a character , maybe you need to change a plot point . see what it is that might be causing the blockage , and it could just be one character is bothering you , or one conflict is n't real enough . you can change that and things will start to flow again . of course the final option is that somewhere in the back of your mind you 're realizing that this is not the project for you , and that 's fine . you 're not expected to know exactly what you want to write , and as you 're writing it you may like the idea still , but you may not really be excited about it , which you should be . you should be passionate about your idea . if you 're not , it 's fine to put it down , file it away . maybe in six months or a year you 'll want to pick up the idea or you 'll get some other concepts for it , and that 's fine . so in combating writer 's block , remember do n't get down on yourself , and if it is more than a real temporary thing , take a look at if it 's a personal or more a problem related with the project . try to identify what that is , and solve it , and hopefully that will move you right ahead .
f-V9Qkv4AL4 hi , this is danny botkin at laughing dog farm . today we 're going to talk about planting the spring garden , and some of the tips and tricks that you can use to get off to an especially early start . now there 's a few things you can think about , and we 're going to be showing you a couple of ways , to start with a more robust spring transplant . if you start with seeds in the ground in april , well then you get off to a slower start . but if you can find a way to get propagated root cuttings , or stem cuttings , into the ground , be it with garlic , or vegetables or fruit crops , you 're going to get off to a much quicker start . today we 're going to show you some of the tips that you might like to know about in terms of getting that extra early spring start . we 're going to cover garlic , we 're going to cover rhubarb , we 're going to cover lettuce plugs , and we 're going to show you how to plant peas , not only from seed , but also from transplant , something not too many people attempt .
fHhn5B9sIak alright in this section i 'm going to show you how to check your brake fluid and possibly bleed if you need to , if you have really low pressure . this is your master cylinder right here . this is where all the fluid gets collected and this is pretty much your whole brakes right here , and this tube runs down , right to this and this pushes it through and that goes down to your calipers that we worked on earlier . so what you want to do is remove this screw , and then this is a screw off top . now brake fluid is really , really bad stuff , so you do n't want to get it on anything , skin , paint , anything . first thing you do when you check a master cylinder is you grab this top seal , pull it out real slow , and you 're going to make sure it looks just like this . most of the time , when you have a , when you do a brake job , and they 've really gone through it , this thing will be just all over the place . most of the time you 'll see it looking like this . it 'll be turned inside out from all the pressure . so you always want to get it pushed down , make sure it looks just like it , how it , how it should , in it 's real form . right here , the brake fluid looks real good , and it 's right at the right level . so , in this case , you would n't do anything to it . but if you needed to , if you needed to get in there and bleed the brakes or anything , the first thing you 're going to do is you need a , a kit like this . this is a brake bleeding kit , comes with a filler , now this makes it , for a one person installation . all this does right here is it clicks onto the top of your reservoir you 're going to be taking this piece right here and putting it onto your caliper there 's a little fitting and you put that on the fitting and this is going to suck all of the fluid down and what it 's going to do is remove all the air bubbles in the line . during that process this fluid needs to stay full , if this does not stay full you 're going to suck air bubbles into the line and you 're going to have all kinds of problems . so when you get a kit like this you fill this with your , their proper brake fluid , in this case its going to be dot 4 , fill it up , turn the valve on and this will keep this full the whole time and all you have to do is take this and your going to go down to your caliper and on every caliper there is one to two little fittings on here with rubber caps . all you do is pop the cap off , just like that , and you 're going to take this and put it on top , just like that . then you get your air fitting , plug it in and everything is ready , you '' re going to get your tool , which is normally a eight or nine millimeter and what you do is put it on top , now what you do is , when you pull this trigger its going to get real loud and you 're going to start trying to suck all the air out of the line down from here . so i 'll turn it on and what you 're going to do is you 're going to loosen this just a little bit and then you 're going to see all the air bubbles coming down the line and once you start seeing all the air bubbles coming down the line , you 're just going to wait until you start to see a steady flow of fluid and once it 's steady you just tighten this back up and move to the other side and your always going to start low . get all your air bubbles out low because in the end , air travels always to the top and you 're going to end here in this fitting right here . this is the very top where air bubbles could end up and when you get an air bubble this , this lever right here will go straight down , you wont have any break control whatsoever . so always just work your way from the farthest to the closest and that 's basically how you bleed the brakes .
nQfvT1STvqQ hi , i 'm dorian winterfeld , on behalf of expert village . i 've been doing web programming for about ten years , and today we are going to cover the basics of html . now i 'm going to show you how to change the color of your text . to make it simple , i 'm going to get rid of these tags , and i 'm going to go back to our basic , just plain text just to show you . there : hello expert village . let 's say we wanted to change the color of our text . well , we 're going to do it with what 's called the font tag . we 're going to open the font tag , and we 're going to close the font tag . notice i 'm opening it and closing it just like all the other tags . hopefully , you should be getting used to this . now , we have to add an attribute of color . color equals , let 's say , red . so , we have our tag , we have the attribute is color . color equals red , close tag . we 're going to save the document , we 're going to reload , and what do you know ? now it 's red . say you want to make it red , but you also want to make it bigger . before , we used the tag called 'big ' . now i 'm going to add an attribute to 'font ' called 'size ' equals . now , in this case , i 'm going to make the size equal plus one . let 's reload it ; now it 's red and its one notch bigger . let 's say i made it plus ten . now it should be ten times as big as it was originally . there you go . so you can see , that with the font tag , you can control the color , the size , and there are many other attributes to the font tag where you can control all the aspects of your text . just to show you , you know we can make this green , save it , reload , and now it 's green . so there you have it .
ft4nxpzM9JA child posture is done with many , many postures of yoga as a conclusion of that posture and its different variations . just come up on your hands and knees and you take your knees out to the sides of the mat and sit back towards your heels . now you 're trying to stay close to your heels , many people ca n't do this as they go forward , but you can take your arms down , just stay close to the heels . sometimes you have to take a fist upon fist to rest your head . or , there 's a variation of taking a hand upon hand , relax the shoulders . or , take your head right down the floor , relax the shoulders . but in child 's posture you want to feel those knees going outward , you want to feel yourself keep reaching towards your heels and you want to keep the shoulders relax . and in child posture , you hold there for a breath , just breath in deep to your nose . and using the breath , exhale to your nose , bring your shoulders release and down , sinking right back towards the heels . take another deep breath in . exhale and feeling the shoulders and the back release . and another deep breath in . and exhale . and one more time , deep breath in . and exhale , feeling not just the shoulders relax but the back sink right down . and then guide the flow away from you , come all way back up .
elvlp2e9RZs hi this is josiah owen with expert village and today we 're going to talk about making a cookie tree . alright , now we 're going to talk about making our frosting . to start off we 're going to get one cup shortening . we have our half cup measuring cup here , we 're going to go ahead and dump this in , make sure you get all of it . we 're going to need one more half cup . the same thing , we 're going to measure it off and pour it right in there , put the shortening to the side . now we 're going to need two teaspoons of vanilla . at this point start on low and mix it in , and turn it up step by step . now at this point we 're going to go ahead and pour in two cups of our powdered sugar , we 're going to measure our cup , go ahead and turn it on low and pour this in , we 're going to go ahead and turn this up and while this is mixing we 're going to go ahead and measure one more cup and then pour this in . as we 're going to see it 's going to start to crumble , turn it up one more step . at this point we 've had our vanilla , shortening and powdered sugar mixed . we 're going to go ahead and turn this on and add two tablespoons of milk . so it 's on a lower setting , that 's one and that 's two , made a little bit of a mess here but that 's okay . we 're going to turn this up slowly and it 'll start to mix itself together and go ahead and turn it up a little bit more . now we 're going to take our wooden spoon again and scrape this all off the sides and we 're going to mix it for about thirty more seconds and come back for our next step .
eydXN57cJ5Q you know , in order to win a game , you 've got to first get the ball . hi , i 'm travis , and one way of getting that ball is by boxing out . you know a lot of teams , and a lot of players do n't actually practice the fundamentals of boxing out . but , we 're going to show you just how to do that . alright , if i 'm going down low and the ball goes up for a shot , that 's when i want the rebound , so what i do to get that rebound is i 'm , what boxing out is , is i just put myself in a position between the basket and the man , in the perfect position so that i can get the rebound as opposed to that person getting the rebound . so , what i do is i , if the shot goes up , i want to set my , i want to head , head hunt and find that person , find that person , find someone to box out . when the shot goes up , you look , do n't look at the ball , first you look at a person , find a person , and once you find that person , you lock them in . put your body against them , and shield them from getting the ball , so if the ball goes up , i 'm shielding them , i use these , the backs of my elbows as my eyes , you do n't want to foul , you do n't want to elbow , but what you do use them for is these are your eyes right here , and right here , these two points on your back . so , you use these to kind of feel and see where that person is , so when the shot goes up , and you come down , you 've got him , you 've got that person behind you , and you feel where they are so that you , only you can get the rebound . so , when the shot goes up , finding them , got boxed out , got the rebound , and once you get that rebound after the box out , make sure you keep it at your chest , turn around and search for someone to outlet the ball to . there you have it , boxing out .
TxexZx9JTsk hi , today , i 'm going to show you how to fish with a bobber . okay , first of all , we 've got our basic bobber , and there 's all kinds of different bobbers from red and white bubbles to corks to this balcer type bobber . now , what you do ; first , first of all you want to set up your hook and you put whatever bait you 're using ; worms , minnows or whatever , and then up about eight to ten inches from that hook you want to place a split shot . what the split shot does is , it keeps the bait down . then you put your bobber on-on the line . this one here happens to be a spring-loaded type bobber . you pull down on the spring and there 's a little slot in the balcer where you put your line in , and then you let that spring go back up , and it holds the line in place . now what you 're going to do , after you have your rig set up and your line out there , what you 're going to do is you 're going to cast that bobber out there , and then you let it float down the stream or the lake or whatever ; and when that bobber pops under the water , you 're going to set the hook and that 's when you get a fish , and that 's how you bobber a fish .
3CFzPTzO4j8 i 'm on behalf of expert village , my name is mei-chaio chiu . and i 'm in right now in new york in the energy fitness center . and today i 'm going to demonstrate the beginning wushu . next , i want to show you the bow stance punch . same principle . open , here 's your horse stance first , you turn gong bu which is bow stance , body straight , okay , both feet , your toes in , do n't open like this , toes in , hands on the waist , when you turn , when you punch , turn your body and punch in central line , your nose central line . you punch the other side , your hands , punch forward , back , one hand forward and the other hand goes back . and make sure turn and twist . make sure your elbow do n't go out , it 's inside . okay . and one , and two , three , four , and fast , fast . and you do to the other side . and one , two , thre , four , five , six , seven , eight .
8cKjwHtCGU0 everybody likes to hit a kill shot , which is a shot that hits just inches off the front wall . but it 's not always the best strategy to go for a kill shot every single time . so you have to incorporate good strategy and hit pass shots , but when do you hit a pass shot ? often times you want to hit a pass shot when the kill shot 's not working . so the perfect shot obviously is really low , kill shots but not everybody , and even the best players in the world ca n't always hit the ball that high , or that low . so sometimes you want to bring it up and use good strategy on pass shots because that can be just as effective . so , if the kill shots not working , switch to a pass shot . you do n't have to hit the ball this high to have it be effective . a nice pass shot , knee or chest high , as long as it stays on this wall or cross court can really throw your opponent off so it 's great strategy to hit just a simple pass shot . you do n't have to swing as hard , you do n't have to get as low . just stand here , bend your legs and hit a nice simple pass shot . you 'll find yourself , that working way more often than trying to hit kill shots over and over and over again .
LDG8F-Gj1t8 responsibility avoidance is not a good thing . how do you avoid jealousy ? this is dr. paul , author of boomer girls , a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating , and host of ask dr. paul . well , there 's a similarity there . responsibility is a part of how to avoid jealousy . let me give you an example , and i 'll give you several examples . you and your girlfriend , this is for men , are sitting in a restaurant , and along comes a girl , and you see her and you go . guess what ? you have now created jealousy . you could have avoided that jealousy , by not going , bad idea , and you know better , and you know that you 're not going to meet that girl . you know that you 're never going to see her again , and yet you put yourself in a position of causing your significant other to become jealous . it 's a natural reaction , that your girlfriend is going to do that , and guess what ? it happens the other way around . it 's a very simple matter of a girl smiling at a guy and saying hi , and you 're standing right there , and you are really twisted . well , she can avoid it too . ladies , do n't do it . do you think that subtle smile , that little wink , that look , is going to be ignored by your significant other ? of course not . it does n't happen , so if you want to avoid jealousy , and that 's the way it starts , and it snowballs . it gets bigger and bigger . stop doing the little things , and it wo n't lead to the big things . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today , be your realities of tomorrow .
eefsk97G-44 so , in order to cut your string or wire , you 're going to need cutting utensils . with stretchy cord , you can use scissors or wire cutters . and you can get all these at the hardware store , by the way , or bead shop , anything like that . the tiger tail , do not use scissors . you will ruin your scissors . and you can use any of these type of wire cutters for tiger tail . it 's very easy to cut with wire cutters . do not use scissors . with memory wire , it 's way thicker . so you do n't want to use really delicate wire cutters , because you 'll put little nicks in them . they 're too delicate . so you want to get a more heavy-duty wire cutter , because it 's a lot thicker .
fwjJJJo977U hi , i 'm amelia and i 'm going to talk to you about how to best lighten blonde hair . since blonde hair is already relatively light , you do n't have to go through a lot of different processes to do it , so what i would recommend , if it 's something that you 're wanting to do at home , you can always try the old fashioned lemon juice and sitting out in the sun , that has been known to work . there 's also straight peroxide , which is n't best for your hair , but again it does work . you just take a little bit of peroxide and you would just spray it on the strands that you would want to lighten . then there 's also something called creme bleach that you can get , the kind that you women use usually to lighten facial hair , that 's also gentle enough that you can use it on your hair . now , these are not ideal , ideally would be to go into the salon and have a professional do it , but if you 're budget minded and you 're just looking for a quick fix , these are some ways to do it . so , that 's peroxide , lemon juice , a little bit of creme bleach , and again that 's something you 're going to want to apply maybe with a comb , and you just comb it through , wherever you want it , or even a mascara wand that you can get , just a disposable mascara wand that you can get at a beauty supply store . you just dip it in the product and just comb it on as well . and , those are a few tricks that you can use to lighten blonde hair .
lagoz2BbAQk hi , i 'm chris murray , and i 'm going to tell you why soccer teams exchange jerseys . soccer players all around the world are major fans of other soccer players . just like children are that play the game , and fans , and other spectators are fans as well . a lot of these teams get together for friendly matches that 's not , that turn out not to be so friendly after a few minutes . some of these games turn out to be very physical and very physically demanding . at the end of these games , sometimes you see players from each team exchanging their jerseys . this shows that they have great respect for each other . also , as being these great soccer players are also huge soccer fans , by being fans of other teams and other players around the world they allow themselves to change jerseys . also , these major clubs are very affluent and can also afford to have so many jerseys for each game . before each game , a lot of these clubs get new jerseys , and this is just a way that they show that they have respect for other teams by being able to exchange them . and that is why soccer teams exchange jerseys .
u7wmSPodY0I working in a quad position on all fours we are going to work with hamstring curls , hamstring leg lifts and we are going to add in the challenge of tubing variable resistance so depending on the thickness of your tube will dictate the amount of difficulty or resistance you are going to get so score yourself off with your knees hip width apart , hands right underneath the shoulders , nice neutral cervical posture . we do n't want to hyper flex or point , just sort of relax and lead with the hamstring . exhale on contraction and inhale down . so i inhale and exhale when i lift . i do n't want to lift any higher than the hip joint because after that exercise is over and you are not engaging hamstring any more , hamstring is connected to the low back so the low back is going to start taking over . the goal of the exercise is to really focus in on the hamstring where the gluts and the hams meet so you can create that nice separation bicep of the leg . now the further away i pull the tubing the more of a challenge that is going to get as the tubing gets tighter . working in 10 to 15 rep range , 3 sets .
tEPQZD0_3PE now i 'm going to tell you how to make stuffed potato tortillas . the tortillas are made of whole wheat bread and they are the staple indian diet for northern indians . we eat it with curry , we eat it with vegetables , we eat it with lentos . like everybody eats bread here , we eat the tortillas . let 's go about the ingredients for the stuffed tortilla . i have whole-wheat flour . i 'm a healthy person , i go to whole foods and get the whole wheat flour . bleached flour is basically not that good for you . it sticks in your stomach . i think we should all eat healthy . we have whole wheat flour . we have potatoes here , boiled potatoes . we have our bright green chopped chilies we have our ginger roots here . we have come sea salt . yes , healthy again . we have some ground cloves . we have paprika . we have asafoetida powder . this is a little bit better , so it has to be used very , very carefully . it 's very good for digestion . if you have a stomachache , you can take some asafoetida powder with water and it helps to clear your system . it 's a natural herbal remedy for stomachaches . because it 's bitter , you only want to use it in the right amount of quantity . then we have our fresh chopped coriander leaves . okay , these are all the ingredients we 're going to be needing to make our stuffed tortilla . oh yes , one more thing . we 're going to be needing clarified butter also to fry the tortilla . it has this kind of consistency and it used for frying the tortillas . if you make lento soup you add it to it . it 's supposed to be fattening . some how the moms think that the kids should be fat and healthy so use a lot of that . we should just use it in the right amount and not use in excess , but it does taste good . these are all the ingredients for our stuffed tortillas . now , let 's go about making it .
fs_4DtTrHFg hi , this is johnny rambo of new york city and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to teach you how to arm wrestle . getting right down to it , i just want to show you what arm wrestling is really all about . what it looks like and what is entailed in getting to the table where the bout is about to happen . here we have rich , he 's going to help me illustrate this form . what we 've got to do now , rich , is we 're standing in front of each other , we 'll look at each other , psyching each other out , and what not . and we 're coming down to the table . you 'll put your elbow down , just like that . we 're meeting at the wrists . what 's important now is that these wrists are bent . this helps give you leverage on your opponents power . you want to be able to get a jump start on his mental state which you do by , you can do all the screaming you want , but the real intimidation comes in your forearm when you can actually give him a sense of your power and you are already wrestling before the arm wrestling starts to happen .
iQsu9H2lPgQ joel siegel : so the variations are actually -- for the second half of the chorus , they 're pretty much the same thing . you have the hi-hat lift and the upbeat of three going into four on the snare , and then the next one is hi-hat lift on the upbeat of three , snare on four and then hi-hat lift on the upbeat of four again . okay , so literally it 's the same thing . it just gets a little trickier because you have those hi-hat lifts in the downbeats of two and four as well . he leaves out the four downbeat lift when he 's doing these tags , okay ? so it 's not -- otherwise , it will get a little messy . this is what the first variation sounds like . okay , so he 's not doing , you know , upbeat of three lift and then downbeat of four lift as well , okay ? it 's closed on the downbeat of four when he 's doing the snare hit , okay ? so he has that upbeat of three lift and then the next one is the upbeat of three snare upbeat of four , okay ? okay ? so that 's the second variation , and it 's the same alternating scheme that he 's using from the four in the first half of the chorus . it 's two-bar phrases . the second bar , he 's doing the tag ; and every two bars , he 's alternating between the first variation and the second variation . so here 's the eight bars , the second half of the chorus . all right ? so that 's what 's going on in the second half of the chorus . you put the first half and the second half together , you got the whole chorus and that leads -- you can kind of feel as you 're playing it , how that kind of builds steadily into -- and gains momentum going back into the verse .
uyqCtlJeOVw let 's talk about the infield fly . another quirky little situation in baseball that rarely happens but when it does is often very misunderstood . what the infield fly rule means is that the ball has been hit into the air within the field of play over the infield . what happens in this situation and the reason this rule is in effect is because the runners who are on base can not advance until a pop fly has been caught by the fielder . if there is a runner on first , a runner on first and second , or a runner on first and third , that means you are in a force out situation and the runner has to run when the ball is hit in the infield . if the ball is hit on the ground he has to run anyway . if the ball is tossed to second base before that runner makes it to second base , it 's an out ; you then throw it to first base for a double play . the infield fly rule is in effect because a fielder on the infield could theoretically allow a pop fly to hit the ground , toss it to the second baseman who would then toss it to the first baseman for an easy double play . the infield fly rule is in effect to prevent that from happening . it can only happen if there is a situation with less than two outs in the inning , there 's a runner on first base , a runner on first and second , or a runner on first and third creating a force out situation for a double play . then the ball has to be hit within the field of play over the infield . it can sometimes be left up to the umpire 's discretion if it 's hit over the lip of the grass or sometimes travels a little bit further into the outfield . that 's a basic overview of the infield fly rule and why it 's in effect .
fFAa1XAMkaM ok. so now that i explained the different parts , muscles , nerves . why the foot and all the different things about the foot . i want to focus on reflexology ok. and reflexology is more traditional and like asia you know middle east different things like that . so that 's , it 's western style modality . we use it here in the united states as well , as part of massage treatment . but the main focus is not really muscles it 's not muscle displacement , it 's organs . it ? s meridians . it 's points in , within your body that are attributed to points in your foot . so what i 'm going to go over next is kind of like how you break down the foot and into the different organs in the body . and how the foot is , is a diagram of the body .
_fOrFOfXUHM hi , i 'm christopher rokosz , actor , director , producer , and i 'm going to show you how to choose a camcorder . okay , the first thing you have to ask yourself is `` what do i want to use it for ? '' is it for home movies ? or , is it for independent films ? is it for movies on the internet , or am i getting real serious production happening here ? that can ... that really does steer your decision making process . two is dollars . that greatly steers your decision making process ! camcorders usually go from the ultra-cheap in the three hundred dollar range , uh , from three hundred dollars to eight hundred dollars , twelve hundred dollars , three thousand , six thousand , eight thousand . and then we 're talking about real cash , all right ? and how you 're going to use it really 's going to dictate what you want to use it for . your small , palm held camcorders , they make some in hd now that are ... that you will see used for ... for shows on discovery and other network quality shows , for small things . those are going to be more . these cameras here in the twelve hundred dollar range , they offer a lot of features , but the difference between a camera like this and a camera like this , other than the size , well , is the lenses . you 're going to see ... if we pop the lens cap open on both of these here ... you 're going to see a difference in the lenses . the glass makes the camera . it 's an old photography term , all right ? the bigger the lenses , the more ... the more professional a lens is , the better the ground , the better the optics , that 's where your money 's going . also in the 'pick up ' chips . whether you 're going to have a ccd or charge coupling device , or a c-moss processors , these are now coming to become popular . you want , at very least , a three chip camera for any kind of professional use at all , or for your richest picture quality . three chip is going to have an individual pick up chip , or ccd , for r , red , b , blue , and g , green . rgb , those are the three colors that make up our video signal . with a chip dedicated to each of them , you 're going to have a nice , crisp picture . now , the types of cameras are going to be the new ones that are going to be pure digital , meaning that it 's going to go to a hard drive or stable card inside of it , or it 's going to go to a tape . usually in this case a mini dv . now , if it 's truly just for home movies , then you can consider a dvd burning one . that 's where you put a mini dvd into the camera and you take it out . if you 're planning on editing , or any post-production , um ! ... it ... .it 's not my recommendation at all . you want to go to either a stable media flash drive inside of it , or you want to go to a mini dv where you can archive it . look at the reviews , kick the tires , play with 'em , consider it , even do some more research . i hope this helps ya ! i 'm christopher rokosz . happy shooting !
Rg9QtbuewAE hello my name is hui on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to make vietnamese spring rolls . to prepare the mung bean noodles we have to submerge them in boiling water and wait for 10 minutes . remember to remove the string that ties up the noodles because the string is definitely not eatable . remember to use boiling water , not room temperature cause the noodles would get different texture . then we would use a pair of scissors to cut the noodles then they would be easier to handle . to chop the garlic cloves we would smash them and then we would chop them one way . then we would change the direction to finely minced them again . then we would put the garlic cloves inside with the other chopped vegetables .
IMtPeqm85f0 now no matter if you 've chosen to shoot in a studio or at your house or on location somewhere . it ; s almost always best to have the owner present . they can have a lot more control over the animal . they know its tendencies and they just know little tricks and things that they can do . and , it can help you get a better picture . the owner will also know what treats the animal likes , how many they want them to have and those kind of things . like , for example , these are just simple little treats but if thingsare n't going so well , i know with my dog and probably with most dogs that a little piece of cheese or a hot dog might actually be the best thing to keep the animal 's attention . also , it can be great to have the owner help you direct the animal . so , while you 've got the animal set up on your back drop and you can be behind the camera , your owner can have a squeeky toy or a treat that will help get their attention so that you can focusall of your energy on just catching the right moment . lastly , mika 's a pretty good sized dog , she 's about 60 pounds and a dog this largecould do a lot of damage to your studio , knock over lights or damage equipment or even the back drop . so , another important reason to have the owner present is so that they can help control the animal and make sure that they are nice and relaxed so that you can get great pictures .
nUx1qstkZKU hi my name is evan blakenship with expertvillage.com and i 'm going to be teaching you how to kickflip . now that you got your kickflips on flat ground and you can kickflip off a curb it 's time to start trying it on something else first of all you want to look for a little flat ground gap like this one , you know just to a little gap with a little bit of a drop just good to learn before you start trying to go downstairs . so what you want to do is try to ollie it first and if your doing good on the ollie go ahead and kickflilp it , so remember use those 5 steps that you learned earlier just put them all together get a little bit of speed and kickflip over the gap . and once you got this down you go ahead start trying some stair set you know go find a 3 stair something just practice that , step it up some more try a 5 stairs 6 stairs just keep going .
f8YoHkw2Dw8 this is anthony and we 're going to talk about how to go about making a photography portfolio . the first thing you want to do to make a photography portfolio is you want to edit down your best , and i mean your best , 20 to 30 photographs . and those photographs , now they want to have a dialog with each other . you do n't want to just throw in a couple of pictures of houses , a couple of pictures of people , a couple of pictures of my dog . that 's like one of the worse things you can do . you want to have a cohesive amount of work that shows your style . key . second thing to making a portfolio is , how am i going to put together all of these pictures ? you do n't want to bring your pictures to potential job , employer , client in a paper bag , i mean , or in a shoe box . you want to present yourself . and , i mean this . i have seen people with the best presentation in the world and not such great images , but they still got the job . and i 've seen people with the best photographs in the world and have the worst presentation and they did n't get the job . so , you really want to think about both . if you have awesome photographs , photographs you 've worked hard on , that you 've edited and you put them together with an awesome portfolio , you are going to be set . this is my portfolio . i have a handmade leather portfolio . some people refer to this book as a dinosaur in a way . most people nowadays have a website or a blog ; i have all that . but i also like the physicalness of my portfolio . it 's a great way to impress a client . this is a rather old one . this one has really been around , i 've had it for about 15 years . but , in a way , the leather , it looks like , you know , it gets better as it gets older . it has a nice banana leaf insert and i can change my photographs in and out as i 'm working with this book . and it just shows everything in an easy way for people to get a feel of what my work looks like . that 's really the main thing you want with a portfolio . now , i could carry around my images on a disk and a lot of times , i do . when i sit down with a client , i bring my laptop , put it in and they look at it . and you know what ? eighty percent of the time , that works perfect . but , i like to bring both . i have a disk and i have the physicality of this actual hard copy of my image . i just find as a photographer , this works the best . and , if i want to make something for somebody , if i 'm printing another portfolio for another artist or another , if i 'm doing a wedding or if i 'm shooting an event and i can put together a story and put it in a book like this , my job is really done well . the other way that i can put a portfolio together is in an archival box . they sell them online , an archival box , 11 by 14 , 8 by 10 , probably cost you about twenty to fifty dollars . and that 's essentially how i go about making a portfolio .
cS7cQG0lSrg now we 're going to be doing effleurage strokes on the neck . place an anchor hand on one side of the head . get your oil , and then apply from the shoulders , up the neck . we 're going to be doing a wave like motion under the neck on either side of the spine . working the upper traps and into the occipital ridge . then we 're going to hook into the ridge with my fingers . fingers are bent like this , but my wrists are relaxed . and , you can apply a little bit of traction when you lean back . effleurage down and up the side of the neck . you can get the the levator scap . when you go under the neck , put the pressure of the back of your hand on the table and glide down to the shoulder , lightly upwards into the essien muscles which connect from the clavicle up the mastoid process . these are soft palmed , down the shoulder and up the neck and i would be doing this on both sides of the neck and that 's effleurage on the neck .
2e1esaMQvOs the next step in our living room project is to paint the trim . we are going to use the semi-gloss for that , which is exactly what it says , it gives a real nice shine to it . as oppose to the wall , which is a flat . now , we have a full can of pain there , and we want to avoid drips as much as possible , so i recommend emptying out a fair amount of the paint , so you have about a third left in the can . and you can just set that aside for when you need it . now , i am going to do this by hand without relying on any help , as far as drawing a line , but if you do n't feel confident you can use painter 's tape . you can get this at any hardware store , and what you want to do is cover the areas that you are concerned getting the trim paint on . now , this is going to be black on black , but we are just going to pretend that it 's more contrasting color , if you want to put some on the floor , and that way , you 'll avoid getting any black paint on your wood floor . again , to avoid drips , you want to give your brush a little shake like that to get off any excess stuff , you do n't want a lot of paint on your brush when you do this . so we are just going to start off on the edge . you want to let the brush do the work for you , do n't push it too hard . if it 's a good brush , it will just do what it should do . if you do by chance get a drip , it 's a good thing about latex paint , it will come right off , especially on a wood floor . keep in mind that this is only that first coat , we are going to be another one on . so , like the walls , if you do n't get everything the first time around , you 'll get it the second . the trim is a little different because you are working very precisely and slowly , as oppose to the walls and the ceiling , and you really want to make sure you spend the extra money and get yourself a good brush , makes all the difference in the world .
IU_kMTvQBKE in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure to replace your engine 's timing belt and water pump . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper procedure for reinstalling our front engine motor mount . this is our front engine motor mount and it drops in from the top and actually sits on the inside of the fender well right about here . now it has two bolt holes in it . one there and one there and these bolts go up through the body here through some holes . alright i 'm going to go ahead and drop my motor mount down in and this is the hole that comes up through the bottom right there and there 's another one way back here in the back . i 'm going to go ahead and sit it in position . it 's not crucial to line up the engine yet , all we 're focused on is getting it lined up with body , you can see here i can see straight through and what i 'm going to do , i 'm going to reach down and slide it up through the body . alright and there we go . once you have the motor mount mounted to the body , you can go ahead and start the bolts for your motor mount to the engine bracket connection . you can go ahead and manipulate your engine any way what you need to or you may need to jack it up a little bit or move it side to side to get these bolt holes to line up from the mount to the bracket . most of the time if you 've got the mount installed correctly , they 'll just about be lined up perfectly . we got three bolts to deal with here . they 're all identical , as you can see , there are no oddballs . we 're just going to go ahead and drop them in , one ... two..three . alright once you have all three of them started you can go ahead and tighten them down . now just like anything else , just like anything else , i like to start with the center bolt first and then move out from there . so , we 're going to tighten this one down , this one and then this one . now as you can see there 's marks from where the bolts used to be . we 're just going to snug it up then relax our tension on the engine and let those marks line back up and then tighten them back down . alright now what i 'm doing is just manipulating the engine a little bit just to get a fuzz more adjustment out of my mark . you can see there how i can pump it up , the marks go farther out . that indicates i need to let it down some so my marks line up a little better . oops , a little far there . and right there . as you can see all the old washer marks line up and that 's what we 're looking for . go ahead and tighten them down now . of course , start with the center bolt and then work out from there . alright , that is the proper service procedure for installing your motor mount and attaching the motor mount to the engine itself .
fAR7YNAnYyk let 's take you belly dancing to the next level . i 'm johanna from hip expressions belly dance studio and karen 's here with me and were , i 'm going to show you how to do reverse undulation walking backwards in belly dance . so start with our feet facing straight ahead , knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , shoulder blades back and down , arms out and away from the body . good . so now remember a reverse undulation will sit , tuck , pull , lift . as we sit and do our level change down , we 're going to step back and roll up , step back and roll up . step back and roll up . step back and roll up . so it 's step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . good . a little faster now , good , smooth it out . step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . good . if you can do n't change your level as you travel , keep it nice and smooth and isolated . step , step , step , good . make sure you 're stepping right on that beat . and step , step , step , step . good . so now you learn how to take your reverse undulation and walk backwards . good job !
ufOPAog_Xhk when you have your band the next step is to decide the type of music you 're going to play . a lot of the times the music is dependent on the style of the group of people and also their personal tastes and interests . physical style can be related to musical style as well . for example , in blind all records , a group that i 'm a part of the music focus is on hip-hop . you can tell by the imagery that it is more urban style and it has an outline of the musical styles that they 're going to be in . another friend focuses on jazz and blues . you can see by her imagery it is more jazzy and less urban . another group that i have worked with is called nutshell . they have more of an alternative rock sound . this is also shown by the imagery and their style of clothing .
kqyuONslfFM so right now i 've just completed this redo , this cover up , this eleven year old piece . and as you can see there 's no trauma to the skin . you know , it 's not bleeding , it 's not puffy , it 's not red . you know , that 's the right way to approach it and i 'm going to show you the before shot , which is here . and you can see on how the outline is a single pass outline with holidays in it . and you can see how the red has definite holidays in it , and there 's no three-d effect to it . so in order to rework this existing tattoo and to make it something she could be proud of , as opposed of laser removal or a complete cover up , these are one of the options that you could come up with . and you could do too . so i 'm going to hold this up here next to it , or underneath it here . and you can see the difference on what it is . the initial in the middle is `` year of the dragon '' . it 's a japanese symbol and it 's an image that fit in there nicely that covered up part of the rainbow . and you can also see the light gray shading in the spaces here that give it a lift off type effect . and that 's about it , finished .
qT9Dx_Mrefw okay folks , in this clip we 're going to talk about how to create storyboards . now , for the purpose of this video i 'm going to assume that you are artistically talented in some way , because if you 're not , you really should n't be trying to tackle the whole storyboard thing , unless you 're purely trying to get your framing issues down , where , in that case , you can just draw little stick figures within the boxes , and , you know , know exactly , you know , roughly what size you want the individuals to be in the frame . storyboarding is roughly about translating what the director wants to see into the early conceptual designs , before anything 's ever been shot . it 's a ... a lot of times , it 's followed , you know , very much to ... .by frame by frame by frame when it actually comes to shooting . some directors stick to their storyboards like the bible . others toss 'em out as soon as they arrive on the set . to create good storyboards , basically what you need to understand first of all is the way a sequence is going to piece together . you 're going to want to start largely with your establishing shot , the first thing that the audience is going to see in the frame , whether it be a close up of an individual or a sweeping landscape , just to establish wherever you are . then you 're going to want to immediately follow up with a second shot of the frame , which is essentially when the action starts . when , you know , the guy who 's in close up takes a swing at the next guy . or we , you know , focus in on one individual working on something in the frame . basically it 's the ... .we 've already established the shot . we move into the very next shot . now from here , you can pretty much , you know , do anything as it ... it really depends on the scene . if it 's an action scene , you 're going to basically wan na ... lay out each individual action beat , and kind of show what the camera 's going to see each and every frame . if it 's just a scene where you have two people having a conversation , you do n't necessarily need to go into great detail about when the close ups are going to be , and when the wide shots or medium shots are going to be . you 've already sort of established that . storyboards , at the end of the day , are to show when the , sort of , the specialty shots come in . the ones where the director 's like `` man , i have this idea for this shot , and i want to get it down now so that i do n't forget it later . and i want to be able to use this as a reference later on when i 'm actually there on the set . '' so , being a storyboard artist is all about laying down those shots that you 're going to want to get later on . and to do that , you have to understand how to frame things , you have to understand how sequences piece together . and once you 've learned how to do those things and understand those things , you are definitely well on your way to becoming a very good storyboard artist .
icTKc0FIcK0 rope stretches for the upper body ? jonesy is going to take a rope here , and he 's going to do some stretches for the upper body . basically we have three variations that we 're going to work through . jonesy is going to go ahead and start the first one , shoulder dislocates . basically all he 's doing is working up and over , using the rope as a good stabilizer for where his hands are , and just working a range of motion of his shoulders forward and backwards , up and over his shoulders . now jonesy 's going to go ahead and give a variation here . okay . he finds a sweet spot . he 's basically finding a spot in his chest and his shoulder , and through his biceps that feels a good stretch , something that you know that it just feels good . once he gets that , then he rotates his trunk around . the rotation of the trunk is actually going to help loosen up his shoulders and his chest . then we 'll go through the third variation here which will be a wrap around the body . he 's taking one arm up and over , wrapping around his body and bringing it back down , and then he 'll bring it forward , back again . do one side , and then the other side . good . those are our rope stretches for the upper body .
8qeehkMmgwg now in this last clip , i 've been waiting for this . what we 're going to do is experiment using all of the , all those movements . whether we 're coming up from the five to the one . or coming up from the four to the one . or reversing them , coming down . here 's what we can do it . ok ? here 's what it 'll sound like when you put them all together . remember that variation there . keep coming up . so what i 'm going to do with my foot now is try some of those .
rSXElA6x_u4 in this clip we are going to begin the rough exterior shape of the bowl . what we are going to aim for is a nice slope like that , a nice gradual curve . this is what we do n't want is something like this and the reason is when it comes time to hog out the inside , this area right here is going to be real hard to turn because it is at a very acute angle . so let 's get started on that nice gentle slope .
f6w5r-19fq4 in this example what i 'm going to show you how to do a hybrid picking and we 're going to be doing the key of b minor . and i 'm simply going to play a b minor chord over a drum track . and pretty much what hybrid picking is is holding a pick like you normally would and then using anywhere from your middle index and pinkie or all of them to execute the rest of your playing . and with the drum tracks for this example sound like this . you know what i did there was a very basic kind of a bouncy percussive type hybrid picking on that . and what i did was simply just played the root note of b with the pick and then used my second , third and fourth fingers to go . and what i also did too was kind of i muted the notes right after i picked them to give it that nice percussive feel . so what i was doing there was simply playing b and then the g , b , e parts with my fingers . and that again is another interesting example of how you can do a simple chord , say like b minor add a little hybrid picking and create a nice percussive type strum .
f9Qf5rNQiNM let 's talk about treating a dog with a cold . cold is a very non specific term . and humans , we think of colds as being anything from the flu to just upper respiratory viruses alone , and in essentially it 's the same with a dog . if you 're dealing with a cold , what we have in a dog is going to be generally an upper respiratory infection , a lower respiratory infection , something like that . just feeling kind of bad . a lot of these in dogs are viral and/or bacterial . and so the first thing to do is to identify if your dog is sick and we 've talked about looking at your dog as far as lethargy is concerned , not eating very well , sneezing , coughing , anything like that would indicate that your pet needs to go to your veterinary office so they can diagnose your pet with a cold . as far as treating a pet with a cold , we commonly use antihistamines , we commonly use antibiotics since a lot of these things can become infections . and generally the other thing on pets , especially dogs , is supportive care because a lot of animals when they have a cold or any kind of illness are not feeling very well . they 're going to be off of their food or water . so good supportive care at home is the best thing you can do .
U2pGkzny9ho alright . now , that we 've got the round neckline down , we 're going to do a u-shaped neckline just curving a little bit lower than the round neckline . and , this is what it will look like at it 's beginning point . and , it 's pretty much the same as the round neckline . except , like i said lower . you want to make the neckline low . and , then again here and here you want it to look like it 's coming around the shoulder like it has some depth and three dimensional quality about it . it 's not just a flat paper doll . there we go . and , you can have it this is in moderate scoop . you can have it dip , low cut evening style . and , that would still be a scoop neck . or , you can make it go out wider . there 's really any number of things , just up to your imagination .
gT2qb1ZOH1g now , as i look at this i 'm noticing that i 'm missing the gap between here and the edge of our vase . and , there 's some of the wall showing through underneath this trapezoid shape that represents our greenery . so , i 'm going to go ahead and use my yellow to bring in some of those colors . this is the top of our vase . so , i 'll use my yellow to bring that in . and , the reason i 'm using yellow is i want to create some contrast so that when i put the greenery in here . if i use a green back here there wo n't be enough contrast . so , i 'm going to use the lighter color yellow as a way of bringing some of that shape in . and , then i 'm going to refine the edge of this with the same yellow and the edge of that pot or the vase with the same yellow until it comes down and hits the back of our kitty cat . and , i 'm going to do the same thing over here and try and start to reform and reshape the edge of our pot in the foreground . and , then we have a leaf that 's in the way . and , now we 're starting to see these objects start to separate and have some form and shape creating the outside shape . and , let 's go ahead and add that in there . because , that 's also a clear area that i can see quite clearly .
KQqYu2gQQn0 ok , the next category of herbs were going to talk about are the astringents . lemon is one of the most astringent things in the world , and witch hazel . do you remember , i remember when i was young watching the older women put make up on and they would put witch hazel on their face before they would put the makeup on . what that does , its because witch hazel is an astringent and it tightens and tones . astringents tighten and tone . you might say why do i want something tight ? well when it was flabby , like what if you have varicose veins or what if you have hemmorrhoids . you would like to tighten that up . thats what these herbs do . they tighten and tone . they give muscle strength . white oak bark and butchers broom for example are both used for varicose veins and hemmorrhoids and any kinds of bloodclots anything like that because they tighten and they tone . what they also do is they dry , they are very drying . so what we , we have a little demonstration here . i have a combination of herbs that i have put together allready . its an astringent combination . there is some dandelion in there , theres some purslaine and some other things . my lovely assistant whos still actually here surprisingly . were gon na show you how drying this can actually be . have a little drink there . now this is mostly water hes drinking , but were gon na show you how this can really dry you out . give it just a second and the whole inside of his mouth is going to lose all moisture . thats why i have this paper towel here , i 'm going to show you how dry he is in there . ready ? see absolutely nothing , theres no moisture in his mouth at all . so when would you want something drying , when you have something thats too wet . if you think about your ailment , your imbalance , whatevers going on with you ; if its a wet thing look to something drying . if you have something that needs to be tightened and toned , look to the astringents .
qpwLyheKoK4 hello i 'm stevie moore and welcome to my studio here at the artist 's attic in lexington , kentucky . alright i 'm going to add some more shadows and as you can see i kind of have this violet tone going on down here . i am going to start with mixing some shadowy colors , dark grays and blues . i am going to play around with these colors and mix them around . i am kind of making rocky shapes with this . remember my light is coming from this way so my shadows are going to be on the right side . shadows on the right side and in keeping my shadows on the right side and working in with the rocks . now you can do this quite a bit at this stage even though the patient is dry but it would harder to add highlight but adding shadows is not too difficult . i am going to add some purpley blues and red and get a lavender , get some cool colors in here . i am trying to preserve some of these areas with warmer colors . i want to keep them alive because they add interest to my rocks . even though i have got a good color i need to move this up to mid-ground because there were to large stones and now put some shadows up there . just spread the intensity out . i do n't want a layer of too much paint because too much darkness and depth just yet , that would be something we would do later on in the segment kind of adding in . you can do this quite a bit more and expand upon this . i am going to move on down into the river . i am adding some stones and this is a bit of a torrid this is some active water . i am moving down to my white and add some color . i am going to add in a little bit of shadows and then go overkill with white . i am going to go back to my medium sized bristle brush and i am going to start loading up on the white and then start making this into rapids . see how i am doing that ? do this throughout the rapids just pound that into the shadow . the texture is what is going to give this to us . the river of no return . these colorado rivers move very swiftly . when i photographed this it was dumping so this already gives you a good amount of detail here in the foreground . you can always light it up a little bit later all the way to its edge . a nice swirling rapid river .
sCb_2b6Lphc the tool menus are basically two little boxes that tell you what kind of functions you can do at that moment . if you look at the top of the arrange window right here , you 're going to see these two little boxes . the pointer and there 's a slicer . now to switch between the two within that box , i just have to hold on the apple key . once i hold on the apple key it 's going to change from the first to secondary . you can change the first and secondary tools by clicking on the little down arrow . by opening up you can go to the pencil , pointer , eraser , there 's a bunch of things . and once you set it up per window . so it may be like this setting on this one , but when i go down to the audio editor , the sample editor , it 's going to be a completely different set of tools which i can change . and these are really important . these let you grab tools or move tools , zoom in , and draw in different , you got like different ways of drawing in things and all types of other things . these two tools are probably going to be what you use for the whole thing .
READs_HuDws so after our bridge pose , we 've warmed up our back a little bit . we 've done locust , we 've done a little cover , we 've done a little bridge . we 're going to work into some more extreme back bending . back bending is an amazing miraculous thing for sending the energy that stagnates in our core , through our limbs , through our body , waking us up through the heart and energizing . so this one is bow , we 're going to lay down on the belly and we 're going to reach back for the ankles . when you 've got the ankles , you ? re going to flex the feet , all you 're going to do here is reach the toes toward the wall behind you , letting the shoulder blades be drug together , keep the toes flexed and do n't let the knees come way apart . just see if you can keep them in line , inhaling and exhaling , release and do one more time when you 're ready , inhaling , lift the heart , opening opening opening . take three to five breaths here , and then when you 're ready , release . and you can rest for a moment in savasana on your belly before we move on .
SeSyDcyFRsw we 're going to now discuss how to hit a fairway wood off this downhill , side hill lie . so , the ball is below my feet . now this 3 wood is a long club . so , normally i would be about like this if i was on level ground . so the ball 's another 6 or 8 inches lower so i have to learn to compensate for that . so i have to sit here . so i ca n't really lean forward . if i lean forward it would be a very weak swing . so this is why it 's very important to get some strength in you mid-section and your legs . because a lot of shots you 've got to sit and if you do n't have enough strength you ca n't hold the balance . but , you want to be in a good position here so i 'm sitting a little bit which lowers the club down to the ground and now the ball 's going to go on a fade or a slice pattern because the balls below my feet . so that 's the natural action of the ball . so you 're going to have to aim to the left on this . so i 'm going to compensate , i 'm going to aim to the left of my target to compensate for that . and , because i have plenty of club , normally on this type of shot if i was on a level lie i might want to use a 3 iron or a 4 iron . but , because i 'm on this side hill lie i want to use a 3 wood because i 'm going to lose some distance due to this . so , i sit down , i get lined up , and i just take a nice , easy swing . ok , so that one was struck perfectly . i was able to account the way i wanted to for this lie and i was able to fade the ball right at my target . so , if you practice this shot a lot you 'll really see the results and you wo n't fear these lies . you 'll say , `` ok , bring it on , '' and you 'll be able to attack the ball with confidence .
Pv_MdUk21sI in this segment i 'm going to talk about the names of the notes . there 's a - the names of the notes are basically an alphabet , and they only go from a to g , it 's easier than going from a to z. the alphabet goes a , b , c , d , e , f , g , then it starts again over in a. now our best friend , the most important note to know in all of the piano is middle c. that 's the center of the universe for the piano . now , as you can see there are black keys , and there are white keys . and the black keys are grouped into groups of three , two , three , two , three , two , three , two , it goes on and on like that . if you find a group of black , two black keys , and you go to the left , that is c. and that 's just how you find where c is . so if i was going to find another c i 'd find a group of two black keys and play a c. another two black keys , find a c. and to find middle c , our center of gravity for the piano , you 'd find where the words are , you know , this is a samick , there 's yamaha , roland , there 's all types of brands of pianos . and i would find the c closest to the words , so this is my middle c. and we talked about , this is going up , so i go c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c , d , e. and if this is c i go down , b , a , g , f , e , d , c .
f9yq2U4zMqc we 're going to talk about an advance street technique which is learning how to ollie fakie or rolling backwards . learning how to ollie fakie is a natural next step after learning how to ollie and learning how to roll fakie . combine the two to pull off this pretty advance trick . start by rolling backwards , pop the ollie as you normally would , bring your front foot to level out and roll away . the major difference between doing a regular front ollie and a fakie ollie is that doing the fakie ollie you have to push your front foot further up and faster to get the momentum of the board in order to level it out and roll away . let 's see one in action . roll backwards pop and land . usually when performing this trick , i like to keep my focal point on the street as i 'm rolling backwards on the nose as i 'm ollieing and back to the street as i land . let 's see it one more time . roll a fakie , pop the ollie , bend the knees and land . with enough speed , learning how to fakie ollie can lead you into learning how to do more advanced fakie flip tricks .
-TPYmo7D4Fw so now we have our design and we are going to cut a piece of glass that will fill it in so we have our panel . so i am going to just mark it and take our glass cutter dip it in the cutting oil and we need to score it which means we just cut it very lightly until we here the membrane , the top membrane on the glass is making a rupture or it 's cutting it . here we go . and i think that did it . now we need to tap both sides . hmm nothing happened . well in that case we will do it again . so now i am going to score it again . that 's better . okay that fits right in . we will play with this later . now we will do another section . we will try to make it with as few pieces as possible so lets do that . the cutting oil probably lasted . and yet another cut there .
f8ShD9YwEfo if you own a windows computer , i 'm sure at some point or another , it 's frozen up on you and you have to shut it off . hi , i 'm charles stewart jr. and i 'm going to tell you what to do if your computer freezes up and you need to shut it off . first thing you can do is , if your computer freezes up , try hitting control , alt , delete . it 's kind of like a , you know , the best way to , it 's like an override sequence you can use . once you hit control , alt , delete , sometimes that alone will just unfreeze the computer . but what it 'll do is it 'll bring up a window on your computer that brings up the task manager . and when that comes up , sometimes the program you 're running has caused your computer to freeze up . so , it 'll show you what programs are running and you can just highlight one and say , end task , and it 'll kill the program that 's running . and that might unfreeze your computer and allow you to shut it down normally . but , if you 've tried that and control , alt , delete did nothing , then the next step to do would be to actually go over and hit the power button on the computer . now if you hit the power button on the computer and still nothing happens , that means the computer 's really locked up and there 's not much you can do from that point on other than to disconnect the power . a lot of computers on the back will have a , sort of like a breaker where you see the power cord beat plugged into the back of the computer . basically you 'll reach back there and flip the button . there should be an on and off switch . flip that , it 's like flipping a breaker in your house . it 'll shut off the computer . granted , it 's not the best way to do it . it 's not good to shut your computer off like that , but again if it 's frozen there 's really not much you can do if after you 've tried the control , alt , delete method . if your computer does not have a switch on the back , sometimes manufacture computers like a dell or an hp may not have that switch . then the only thing to do would be to unplug the power cord . most of the times you can unplug the cord from the back of the computer . so just unplug that and the computer should obviously shut off because there 's no power . and then plug it back in and then you can leave it shut off , but the best thing to do is to restart it from there . and then just to make sure every thing 's o.k. , and then shut it down the way it 's supposed to be shut down from there . and if you , you know , plug it back in and turn it on , and it 's still frozen up then there 's probably a good chance that there 's some kind of virus or some corruption with your operating system , possibly even your logic board or your hard drive is messed up . so , then you would need to take it to a computer professional to take a look at it from there . but that should fix it in most situations .
qWdEFZRQ-Gs in this section i 'm going to talk about dorian mode . the c major scale is actually another word for it is ionian mode and there 's all different kinds of scales besides the major and the minor scale . there 's all these things called modes which basically means different kinds of scales , this scale is called dorian mode . the easiest way to think about the dorian mode is to go from d to d all white keys . and you can hear how mysterious that sounds , it 's , it does n't sound as final as a major scale , i , but we kind of love that and love to play with that in music right ? so if i played like just some d 's in the left hand , then i might go to the four of the d scale . so i 'm just improvising is this mode .
XOU3UISWi20 kirk vickers : this next movement is another fairly dynamic motion and movement . we 're going to be focusing on the hips and the pelvic region as well as the quads , the hamstrings and the glutes , so more lower-chain motion and movement . we 're going to go on to a four-point position here . we call this a quad-ped motion . we talked about this earlier , a four-point position , four points of contact . what we 're going to do is we 're going to step up and across the body . we 're looking for a lot of rotation in the hip . again , many people have a lot of restrictions through the hip and the pelvis . this maybe a difficult motion which you may want to start with just coming forward and coming back . we call that kind of a mountain-climber motion . but i like to make it a little more dynamic , bring that foot up to the opposite hand , come back and then switch . try to keep the hands flat on the ground . what you 'll find is one side might move better than the other , but work on getting this power up and as much range of motion or as much movement as you can . this is good for the shoulders , core , hips , pelvis , quads , hamstrings , another great total-body movement .
VNgVGFf-uO0 okay now that we 've basically got the features of the face . we indicated the ears but we did n't do anything with them . and the best way to do ears is , it 's almost like the nose . less is more . but you have to look at the individual ear . but the lobe of the ear kind of comes up and this part just comes all the way down and actually goes into the ear . so i 'll just draw this line here and then this , when you 're over to this part of the earlobe it kind of just disappears . but then there 's some shadows inside of the ear and that gives it some depth . and then you have where the earlobe enters the actual ear canal it kind of curves into there . i 'll just indicate that and usually there 's an earring or something there and then on the same one here i 'm going to do basically the same thing . but the ears are usually different . so i 'm just going to go in there and pull out the shadow . going to indicate the ear canal there . and then sometimes this comes down to where you can see that it curves . and the same thing on this one . and then depending on where the light is , if the light source is one side or the other you can shade this ear . and so those are some ideas and techniques on drawing the ears on coquille board .
efh11LAeyqI hi i 'm michael burton with michaelburtonfilms.org , located in salt lake city utah , and we 're here talking about using microsoft windows . what i want to talk to you now about is how to adjust the date and time on your computer system . let me start out by saying that windows xp is a registered trademark of microsoft and i am in no way affiliated with microsoft . to adjust the date and time on your computer system is very simple . it 's important to , especially because i 've had times when , when i 've had the wrong time on my computer system because i chose the wrong time zone or something , and i 'm always going off that clock and i end up being late to an appointment or something . the best way to change the time is to scroll down the the right hand corner . if you look down on the right hand corner of your desktop , it gives you the time , and if you mouse over that , like i 've done , it 'll show you the current , it 'll show you the current date . if you click on this , if you double click on this , it will open up your date and time properties . let 's go ahead and bring this down to the center of the screen . this is showing exactly what time it is where i 'm located in utah , the date , and this is how you change it . for example , here 's a drop down menu for the months , you can change to what , what your current month is , if this happens to be off , this just happens to be the month of august . here 's your drop down list for the years , you can change the year and here , you would just click on the date on the calender of what date it is , to get that current . there 's three tabs up here , `` date and time '' , `` time zone '' and `` internet time '' . go ahead and click on the time zone tab , this gives you the chance to choose your time zone , right now we 're in the mountain time zone , and i 've already clicked the button down here , `` automatically adjust clock for daylight saving changes '' , that way you do n't have to keep up with that . i think that 's why my clock was always an hour off . because i never checked that . the third tab up here is your internet time , this is going to synchronize your clock with certain websites . like here 's a website , time.windows.com , if you click the `` update now '' button it will automatically update your date and time for you , so that you do n't have to do it manually . that 's just a quick short cut to do it , but usually i know the date and time anyway . so that 's pretty much the simplest way to do that , that 's important because it , with all of , with your computer , your , your automatic , your savings , and your , you know , your automatic savings and your files are all saved by date and time , and if this is not accurate , then it 's going to hard to to do system restores , or to restore certain deleted files , if your date and times are off .
SFLPfiHKzp4 hi ! i am yvette parrish , thanks for joining me at expert village . today i am going to show you how to cover those pesky little acne marks , freckles or any blemishes you want to cover with the use of concealer or foundation . tips for mature skin , less is more so you do not need as much foundation . i would recommend a souffle style , a lighter foundation , stay away from the thick cream foundations , because that will kind of weigh your skin down . so in a mature skin i would do a souffle or a liquid or water base , that will be really pretty . on a younger skin , if you are very oily make sure that your foundation is oil free . you can always ask your makeup artist what they would recommend as well . if you are very dry , you do not want an oil free , because that is going to suck whatever oil you have left out of your skin . so make sure you are looking at a foundation that is nourishing , that has moisturizers in it ; and most foundations will say on the bottle , it is say for oily skin or for a dry skin , for mature skin , acne prone skin . all you have to do is read a little bit , and if you have any questions you can always ask your makeup artist or the department store makeup artist , or you can e-mail me and i will let you know .
uDLQVXTJ5ow rasul ahmed davis : on behalf of expert village , my name is rasul davis and my company is punch kettlebell gym , new york city , and i 'm going to be showing you how to use ropes for undulation . okay , right now , we 're going to do what 's called the double wave . there 's a couple of ways to do this and i 'm going to show you exactly how to do it . first , you want to do really big waves . you want to brace yourself on your feet . your back is in the neutral , you have a neutral spine . you 're grounded on the ground and use your arms in front of you . do not pull the rope . so it looks like this . if you noticed , i 'm using my whole body to do this . okay ? and what you would want to do is do this big . it 's really hard to do this for a sustained period of time . i 'm doing both ropes . do n't pull it like this . it does n't work . keep your arms in front of you . you 're getting your lats . you 're getting your shoulders . you 're getting cardiovascular work , your legs . and then , you can do them really small and nice and tight .
dFcmBGB5btM so when women go through puberty , menopause , perimenopause , and pregnancy , their estrogen and progesterone change a lot . that dramatically influence their brain activity , their metabolism , their mood . so acupuncture help to restore the hormone balance during those special period of time , so women can think and work more efficiently . this especially true for women aged between forty to fifty , because that 's the perimenopause period of time , and the hormone fluctuate so much within a day . acupuncture helps to restore this balance so that they can have better mood to control their work efficiency , and anxiety .
fCk8Md58LK4 i want to show you an improv demonstration i call `` yes or '' . this is a demonstration in the bad stuff , because really what we want to do in general is we want to `` yes and . '' we want to listen to each other ’ s ideas and support them , but it 's useful to demonstrate what happens when we do n't do that when we do something else like for example `` yes or . '' so , what shannon and i are going to do is we are going to have a little conversation where we 're planning something ; maybe we 're planning my birthday party . every line we say is going to start , except for the first one is going to start with `` yes or . '' so , i am going to say let 's plan my birthday party and shannon 's going to say yes or blah , blah , blah , blah and then i 'm going to say yes or blah , blah , blah , blah back and forth until the scene kind of comes to an end . so , here we go . `` let 's plan my birthday party . '' `` yes or we could go get your car washed . '' `` yes or we could go shopping for my birthday presents. ” yes or we could go see a movie this afternoon . '' `` yes or we could go out to eat '' . `` yes or we could go take that big paddle boat on the river . '' `` yes or we could sky dive . '' `` yes or we could go spelunking . '' `` yes or we could eat bats . '' “ yes or we could drive a bus . '' alright good excellent , so that 's a little bit of `` yes or . '' you can see really quickly what happens to the conversation . first of all what happened to my birthday party ? it probably looks like it is n't going to happen . so , what we do is we leave ; i keep leaving ideas behind . you go oh we can do this or that or the other or the other and we do n't actually move in any specific direction . i 'm sure a lot of you guys have had conversations like that i find a lot of conversations about where to go eat dinner sound a lot like that , a lot of business meetings where you 're brainstorming or having ideas sound like that . it can be pretty unproductive because you do n't seem to be getting anywhere with your conversation . so , instead of `` yes or `` what we want to do is we want to do `` yes and , ” but this demonstration gets you an idea for what happens when you have these `` yes , or '' conversations . so , this is a little `` yes , or '' demonstration .
x8iq3_-LIXk let 's dive right in to the eighth line , first measure . ok. starts off with that e four four . new bow . fourth finger . ok , that 's the first measure , now , look at my hand , ok. just to scale going down at first . right next to each other half steps . ok , let 's take it at a faster tempo . see ? all you really got to do is really keep practicing it , ok. so it sounds smoother .
f3bAdvTSft8 try interpreter , when you ’ re playing interpreter , a couple of pointers on that . just pay attention , listen visually as well as verbally , use the language . the person that doesn ’ t speak english needs to not understand any of the english that ’ s spoken in the game , and feel free to use a few devices . you could give a long answer for a short answer , you could give a short answer for a long answer , but only go to devices if you ’ re not inspired and you ’ ll find some inspiration as you shop around using some of those devices . but it ’ s a great game ; you can field questions from the audience . did we have a , a question from the producer down there ? yes , there . did the curtains match the drapes ? very good , do the curtains match the drapes ? let me see if i can find out for you . ( gibberish in the form of a question . very emphatic gibberish answer ) no they don ’ t and that ’ s my fault . alright , les mcgehee from expert village with andy crouch , the funny , funny , improviser from the hideout in austin , texas . ( little bit more gibberish at the end ) . i guess it ’ s true .
fvoeqbb2SB0 okay , we 've covered a lot of ground so far . this one is serving into the body . so imagine your opponent is right here waiting for my serve , and he thinks i 'm going to serve short or high or deep or wide in this area , and i just drill one right into his body . okay , now if i catch him napping just a little bit , i can get him with a very weak response . it 'll be like this or like that . i may not win the point out right , but i 'll get a very , very weak response . so once you 've established the ability to hit all these spots , then you can , then just take one right , right into his body because i normally would n't want to serve right down the middle of the service box like that . but if you , if you 've already set him up with a variety of serves , and you have a nice , smooth motion that he does n't really get a feel what you 're going to do , then you just , you just crack it right into the body . and you 'll see that in tennis a lot too . so when you serve into somebody 's body , they have a hard time getting out of their own way . like if the ball was over here , it might be easier sometimes . if you get into the body , a lot of times it 's very tough . and you also can serve down the middle . okay , i do n't always recommend that serve because that might give them a forehand and they can maybe attack it , but if you do it , if you set it up right , you catch them off guard and you just serve it down the middle . so , so those are some things you can do to change the pace and the tempo of the game because a lot of , a lot of this game of squash is rhythm . so if you get , if you get somebody out of their rhythm , that 's when you have a chance of picking up an easy point .
ewdwfmy_x4w my name is shawn connolly . i 'm from san francisco , california . i 'm a sponsored skateboarder , and i run a skateboarding program for youth , called the sf skate club . i 'm here to explain how to do a nollie kickflip on a skateboard . now , what you 're going to want to do , is have a knowledge of how to do a regular straight nollies on a board.you 're going to want to feel nice and comfortable , cracking your nose , nollieing off the ground , and landing . once you 've got those mastered , you 're ready to learn how to do the straight nollie flip . now , what you do is , you want to put your toe on the tip of the nose , but do n't drag it over the edge , because when you put your toe in a focused position on the tip of the nose , you can get as much pop out of it , as you can , so with your back foot , you 're going to put it just behind the back set of bolts . point it outward just a bit , and then once you hit the nollie on the ground , you 're going to drag your toe up the length of the tail , and then off from the tail , letting the board flip in the air , and then landing back on , and rolling away forward . now , with any flip trick , it 's going to take a lot of patience , to learn how to do , and a lot of experimentation with different foot placements , to figure out what is going to work best for you , but the best way to do it , is to make sure that your foot is pointed just slightly outward , front foot pointed just slightly forward , and pop it as high as you can , and this is how you do a nollie kickflip , on a skateboard . my name is shawn connolly . i 'm from san francisco , california . i 'm sponsored , and i also run a skateboard program , called sf skate club . you can find out more about it at , sfskateclub.com .
ZIruYI0dXaA this jacket i created to be a jacket like you would imagine i dream of jeannie era like a 50 's housewife whose throwing a party , this is her jacket . she 's got a dress on underneath or maybe this is just the dress . but there 's the overall sense of propriety with the belled flared skirt . there 's the cinched waist creating elegance . there 's the off the shoulder folded down type lapel shoulder line and overall i do think it does call to mind modern mid century modern type and that 's where architecture plays in with all of my designs . i had a thought of mid century modern so i took my diagonal design lines from mid century modern architecture from modern design and added those in so it creates two different dimensions with which i 'm using the concepts of mid century modernism to convey my jacket that is belted and belled and lady like and proper .
6ZYElwZoyUE ok , moving on with home on the range . we 've gotten to a part where we 're going to be repeating . this next phrase is just like the beginning of the song . so we should have landed so that we 're ready to proceed with an up bow on d. so you recognize that phrase from our lesson a little while ago . g , a , b. then we 're going to be doing our g to f-sharp again , going right down to e. so g , f-sharp , e. that whole phrase . g-sharp , f , e and c. so essentially the same thing that you played the beginning of the song with some change to it , but keeping in mind that we have n't gone away from this pattern or notes yet . so starting on that up bow d , d , g , a , b , g-sharp i 'm sorry , g , f-sharp , e , then c. one more phrase and we 'll have the whole song ready to go .
y579zYVw8Cg okay , preferred equipment . you 're going to need cleats . depending they make different kind of cleats . these are firm ground cleats . they also make soft grounds and low spike cleats . these are pretty good for this kind of grass . i mean because the grass is n't too high . it 's not too low . so you always want to buy your cleats a little bit big . because if you buy them too small then when you put on these thick socks they 're going to fit you really tight and sometimes they 'll be tight right here . i always buy adidas cleats because they 're pretty comfortable . and as far as socks i also buy my adidas socks . you always need to wear long socks in case you are going to slide tackle somebody you have to wear long socks that way you do n't get all scraped up . shin guards . shin guards , it 's always good to get light weight ones . these are my nike shin guards . they 're pretty cheap . they 're like $ 5 bucks at academy or any sporting goods store . sometimes you need to wear this because as competition comes you do n't want to get cleated . shorts . also soccer shorts . these are my uniform shorts for my team . i play in a sunday league . my shirt also . lightweight . that way the sweat will go through it . they dry out pretty quick . and last but not least you need to have a soccer ball . so any kind of ball is pretty good just make sure it has enough air . not too big not too small . regulation size is 5. as you can see , for competition .
ep16QK8AemM hello , i 'm howard and welcome to my introduction to hatha yoga . the next exercise we 're going to do , sometimes called bridge pose , sometimes called table pose . you 're going to bring your hands behind your back , fingers pointing towards your feet . the knees are bent and you 're going to lift your hips up until they 're level with your knees and shoulders . breathe deeply , if you ca n't stay here with a calm and smooth breath just come back down , when you 're ready come back up . the way to stay here is to use your feet intelligently , press the front of your feet down , tighten the thighs but relax the buttocks . if you 're comfortable here , you could drop your head back . but if there 's pain in your neck just keep your chin into your throat and move the stomach as you breathe . so as you inhale , watch your navel , push the belly up and when you exhale , bring the stomach back down . stay up here for a few more breaths if you can again , if you ca n't stay up , just come down . lean forward take pressure off your wrists and then come back up into the position whenever you can . take a couple more breaths and when you 're done with this just sit back down , stretch your legs out and lie back down on the mat .
ILgkiTHnGVI side kick . when it comes to side kick , look at my feet . i have to swing my body sideways , sideways . but i am kicking with the front leg . sideways , you see that ? sideways , sideways , sideways . now from here , from there , from here . now , from here side kick . from there , from there , from here . the steps , the movements are very small . take a look from here . i am shifting forward and backward . now , the other side same thing . if the kick is right there , take a look my body balance is one hundred percent right here and send a kick to the side . so we conclude with the subject of side kick over the rocking feet .
5u5LMe40W9E this step is the third basic throw with two balls in one hand . so , so far we have the outside circle . we have after that the inside circle . and now we learn the columns . the column is about the two balls in one hand and they do not change their position . i just throw straight throws each time . so the ball outside stays always outside and the ball inside stays always inside position . they never change places . something very important about playing with two balls in one hand is that our shoulder is relaxed and our upper arm is relaxed as well . however , we use the biceps but we use the lower arm and we use our fingers . the columns with left hand . so we do exactly the same what we did with the right hand , with the left hand . we throw columns so the outside ball stays always outside and the inside ball stays always inside . something very important is still about the position ; that our body does not turn like that to control the ball . it 's enough my eyes or its enough if i turn my head . but also , just imaging i have a third ball in this hand . i have to control that as well . so the best is with my eyes i can control the whole space what i have around me . and also the other thing , as i said i use my lower arm so i do n't lift my upper arm like that and i do n't turn my head like that because then , all this part gets stressed and i can not really juggle in a relaxed way . so my shoulders are relaxed , my upper arm is relaxed and my elbow is fixed and i just do the throws . and the other thing , that i have to arrive to the point when i can throw each throw at the same level . so one throw is not higher than the other but they both are always at the same level .
vvY0ZiiuSvQ on behalf of expert village , my name is anthony lucas of bujinkan tohoku dojo of new york city . today i am going to show beginning techniques of ninjutsu . the fourth technique
5tfwL4CWdwY hi , my name is maryann askaar with expert village and today we 'll be doing a stretch class . so let 's discuss the principles and posture on stretching before we get started . some of the things that you want to be thinking about throughout all of the exercises is staying pulled in through your center . so making sure the abs are engaged . the key is to keep the abs engaged and at the same time inhale and exhale . ideally , you want to be able to inhale and exhale through the nose . this is something that will definitely come with practice . so to start if you feel you need to inhale through the nose and exhale through the mouth that 's perfectly fine . you want to make sure your breaths are long . inhale is long and the exhale is deep and long as well . if at any time you find you 're holding your breath or you lose your breath that means you need to ease up possibly modify or come out of the posture . bring your breath back to a steady pace and then go back into the stretch . each time you exhale is when you 'll find you go deeper into your stretch . this is very important . the easiest way and the quickest way to progress in your stretching is to keep a really strong deep exhale . each time you exhale you should feel the body release just a little bit . so as far as the posture goes you want to make sure again your abs are pulled in and your shoulders are down . at some point i may ask you to round through the spine . if so , i want you to think about pulling in through your center first . the deeper you pull in through the center the more you 'll see your spine round right , rather than hunching through the shoulders or just rounding through the spine you 'll consciously pull your abs in which causes the spine to round . also , i might mention hinging or keeping a flat back . if i ask you to keep a flat back you 'll keep your shoulders down and have a strong straight spine . again , this comes from keeping the abs pulled in . you 're going to think of hinging from the waist so you 're always going to want to think about pulling up and over with a strong straight spine ok. so again , keeping the breath deep , keeping the abs pulled in , shoulders relaxed . if you lose any of the posture , if you do n't feel your posture is 100 % , again you want to ease up or modify so that you are in a perfect place of posture and breath . this way you 'll see the posture , you 'll progress a lot quicker through the posture . ok , so again keeping everything intact and in line is most important .
TymW8YXGZGc next , we 're going to stretch our sides , if you have an armrest you can place one arm on the armrest . if you do n't , you can just place it at your side or let your arm hang at the side . so doing the right arm first , we inhale reaching the arm up and then exhale , leaning over to the side . you want to reach the fingertips up to the ceiling and exhale lengthening , deepening the stretch over to the side . making sure , you keep both hips on your seat the entire time . inhale extending reaching up exhale dropping over farther into the stretch . deep breath up , exhale over into the stretch and with your next breath bringing through center and we 'll do the same thing on the other side . again , you can let the arm drop to the side or place it on your armrest . left arm coming up with the inhale and exhale taking it over , keeping both hips on the floor . deep breath in as you reach up and exhale lengthening over to the side . again inhale up and exhaling over , one more breath in , exhale over and then bringing it back to center and feeling how wonderful the effects of that stretch are .
fuXSEl79Phc hi , i 'm tom shean and today on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to install a metal roof . always check your fill before starting . look for crocked eaves , out of square gables , out of parallel ridges or eaves and sagging rafters or ridges . the first batten should be installed with the top corner flushed with the fascia . the second batten is the most important and is installed by chalking a straight line 15 inches from the first batten . as the roof slope increases this dimension should be reduced accordingly . this will allow the front lip of the panel to overhang the fascia . when the eave is crocked , adjust the line down slightly to average this discrepancy while still providing etiquette overhang . when the eave is not parallel or square with the roof , adjust the first course slightly to compensate . if required , additional adjustment can be made in the second course . if the top course is not parallel , adjust or telescope the last course of tile slightly to compensate . extra care should be taken when you have a short tile course as it will display variations . when the roof plan is cut up , you may have to lay out part of the fill from the bottom up as normal and transfer the balance from the top down . in this case it is important to work uniformly down , each side of the roof projections maintaining eave in coursing . the remaining battens are installed at 15 and 13/16 of an inch or 402 millimeters on center . this spacing is crucial to obtain proper panel fit . the most accurate method is to use the batten spacer which will lock into a fasten batten and hold spacing while the next batten is butted to the spacer and fastened .
QIQT-NZXhBU you know , sparklers can add a lot of excitement and fun , to any holiday or party event . hi , i 'm captain joe bruni , with over three decades of firefighting and emergency medical service experience . the common consumer sparkler , or the consumer type of firework , can add a lot of fun and excitement , to most holiday party events . what we 're going to talk about , is proper extinguishment of the sparkler . sparklers come in usually two varieties . this type is made onto a bamboo , or wooden type of stick . the other type , is some type of wire type , of stick . sparklers can burn anywhere from eleven hundred to eighteen hundred degrees . that 's very hot . once the sparkler burns down to the end of it 's life cycle . take the sparkler and bury that hot end , by sticking it into some dry sand , or a close bucket of water that is nearby , for the purpose of extinguishment . it may also be helpful to keep a fire extinguisher handy , just in case , if some type of uneventful fire , happens to take place accidentally . remember the wire , and even the bamboo sticks , can remain hot for an extended period of time , after the sparkler 's life cycle is over , and it burns out . stick it in dry sand , or have a bucket of water handy and close by , for people to drop that wire or bamboo stick into , after extinguishment occurs . i 'm captain joe bruni . stay safe , and we 'll see you next time .
S8VE_6QmuPc welcome to expert village i 'm steve blank here to demonstrate the many ways we can throw and catch a frisbee we 'll be using a 175 grand ultimate sport disc . a pass catch nearly means that we catch the back of the frisbee as it passes us . so instead of catching the front of the disc as we were doing with the one and two hand now were going to let the disc pass us and catch the back side . here 's the back side body pass as it passes me just swing my arm grab it puts me in position to throw the cross body . this combination is much easier with the right spin on the disc there a cross body stacker going to a pass catch . now we can also do near side pass which is more difficult our arms swing down on the same side and we catch it just as it 's passing our hip . you can also do a reverse forehand pass , as the disc is passing we setup for the reverse forehand by grabbing it with our thumb on the bottom and the fingers on the top . and were setup for a reverse forehand throw .
SfeB0aKm7Gg hello , my name is yessenia balan , and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to talk about the proper techniques for singing . we 're going to do the same exercise now , going towards the bottom . and see if we can get that projection from the chest area . so , starting with the same c d e f g , and then going down half steps . i 'm going to stop there as well , you were hearing those last few notes , a much deeper sound and they usually will be able to resound from the chest area . now , if you 're a male voice you might feel you still have a lot of capability of going down . so , feel free to continue going the same pattern , just going down half steps . and continuing on until you 're comfortable . never exceed the range that you feel comfortable in and never push yourself or strain your throat . singing is much like any other type of exercise . you 're not going to risk , a marathon runner is not going to risk actually straining a muscle but preferably will warm up little by little until they can get to the farthest point . same thing for singing . you want to make sure your throat , vocal cords are warmed up , singing little by little , with these types of exercises , and as your vocal cords warm up and you get used to the range getting wider , go ahead and start expanding out , but do n't expand out if you 're not feeling that your technique is relaxed and appropriate .
AGPDyVho23w in this series , we 're going to talk about some things women can do to keep themselves safe while traveling or when their out and abroad . one of the key areas where attacks often occur is in parking lots . in this case we have an outdoor parking lot . one of the things that you can do to make yourself a little safer is always park underneath a light if it 's going to be dark when you leave . you also want to make sure that as you come in , you check your car , you would look underneath it , look in the back seat , those kind of things . underground parking lots pose a different kind of a problem because there always have limited lighting and that 's a very common scene for attacks . they 're often very deserted and since they 're under ground the public at large does n't have clear view . in addition to the parking under a light one of the things you can do to protect yourself is try to find a closed circuit tv camera that will have your vehicle in frame . they 're usually posted on the building walls , sometimes from the light posts themselves . and that will help to make sure that if something happens that it 's recorded or more importantly that the criminal will see the camera and avoid attacking anybody that 's in the field of view . it 's also important to remember that the camera , it may not be real and it may not be monitored which means it may be running a feed to a recording device but it 's probably is nobody actually watching at the time . so if you 're attacked and you 're on camera , there 's no guarantee you 're going to have someone come out and rescue you .
fWKHOVzdNiE i 'm jacqueline on behalf of expertvillage.com . in this clip i will be telling you how to make a very simple homemade hair receipt . it does n't get much more simple then this . all you have to do is go to your kitchen and pull out your brown sugar , grab your conditioner and you add one table spoon of brown sugar for every 3 tablespoons of conditioner . usually just one tablespoon of brown sugar and 3 tablespoon of conditioner is enough for a normal size head but you could always make more double your receipt if you like . what the brown sugar does it helps to exfoliate the scalp . so it could help with getting rid of dandruff . you are going to want to rub the scalp in circular motions . the person would really enjoy this . it is very relaxing for the person who you give the scalp rub to . then you rinse it well or you could shampoo it out if you choose . the next homemade hair receipt is probably even easier then the first one . it is one teaspoon of honey for four cups of warm water . you just pour it on after you shampoo and leave it on . do not rinse it out and dry your hair as normal . this puts a very nice natural shin on your hair it is not sticky and it smells so good . it does n't get much simpler then that so try some of these homemade hair receipts at home and see how you like them .
MIxnFeNWKvA hello , my name is ashley charlton on behalf of expert village . today i 'll be talking about different gift ideas . first i 'll be talking about gift ideas for boyfriends . it will range from no budget to very large budgets . if your budget range is sort of low , there is one creative gift that i would enjoy personally to give to my boyfriend and it would be a poster . you can get posters anywhere online ; you can probably go to any store and find posters . one site that has posters is actually viewposters.com . you can just get a huge range of different posters and it would be just a great cheap gift idea that would mean a lot . different stores that you can find posters at would be at wal-mart , target , hastings , barnes and noble and it would definitely be a gift under $ 10 . then if you want to get even more creative , you can get autographed posters . if you want to go all out and find autographed posters , then you can go to ebay and you can find anybody on there .
tgOXK9jgIyg my name is jk dooley . i 'm a professional artist and we are talking a little bit about the giclee process today . now we are going touch on the end result once you 've had your piece photographed . if your photographer shooting film he has given you a transparency . your next is this needs to be turned into a digital file . so , either a photographer can do it . there 's places . i have sent mine out to companies . i have done some research and what they will do is they will scan this transparency and they will send you back a disk . your digital file will be on this and this is what your giclee is created from . so , obviously if your photographer is shooting digital , not a big deal . if you are having the image scanned , not a big deal . you 've already got a digital file . but , if you do use a photographer make sure that you do n't forget that step because you ’ re not going to be able do much with this as far as printing . so , find yourself , get some recommendations from your photographer if they do n't do it themself . but , definitely find someone that understands the process of scanning this into a high quality , high resolution digital file , so you will have a quality giclee reproduction when you ’ re done .
Ok96xgz6WYk hi , my name is scott and i 'm the owner of climb on indoor rock climbing gym in wilmington , north carolina . today we 're going to discuss the safety of rock climbing . some of the safety procedures would include ; checking your partner , making sure their harness is on right , making their , their figure eight knot is correct , make sure that the belay are setup correctly . some of the other safety aspects would be knowing your environment what 's around you . are there other people climbing ? is there somebody above you ? if you 're climbing outside , you want to make sure that you 're wearing a helmet so that if some , a piece of rock falls from the top , it does n't hit your head . some of the other safety aspects would be making sure that you use your climbing commands ; to make sure that your belay is ready for you to begin climbing . these are all things that you can learn at your local indoor rock climbing gym or by a qualified rock climbing guide . we do stress that you try to learn these , these safety procedures before you go out climbing . being in an indoor climbing gym is a great place to do that because it 's controlled environment where you can learn many , many aspects of rock climbing including all the safety procedures that we just discussed . thank you and this has been safety procedures for rock climbing .
SteKbJVBfnA so we tried this record at actually a slower speed and we found it was even farther than it was originally . so we do n't need to make it slower we need to make it faster . so let 's just try another one , instead of negative one let 's move it to positive one . so i 'm looking i 've got it set at a positive one , we 're going to play the record . find our beat got our beat , counting three , four and i 'm going to throw it in . is it right ? still to slow , going to try it at plus two find my beat two , three , four , three , two , three , four , four , two , three , four . is it right ? we 're getting closer , it 's really close but it 's not right .
gILhW5U_MwI hi , welcome to expert village , i 'm gretchen soares and today we 're going to make a fancy four patch table runner . okay , in this clip we 're going to assemble the units that we need to make the table runner . we 're going to pin them all together so that when we get to the sewing machine they 're in the right order to sew . so we 're going to use two units of this , two units of this , and three units of this one . i 'm going to start with this one . we 're going to take a four patch , a square , pin them together , right sides together , and since these are such short seams i just usually use two pins . and that 's together , and i 'm going to take another four patch , and a triangle finishes this one off . we need two of this unit , so we 're going to take a floral square , a four patch and a triangle . on the triangles , i like to make sure it 's the right order and then it flip back because it 's easy to get those triangles turned the wrong direction and have to pick it out and redo it . and then we 're up to this unit . triangle , four patch , on the triangles make sure you line the top up , the bottoms going to look a little off but when we sew through those tips it 's going to be just perfect . solid square , four patch , and a triangle and one last unit like this one here . okay , our units are all pinned together and ready to take to the sewing machine to sew together .
r5D6t20MyhQ jeannette white : hi . i 'm jeannette white on behalf of expert village and piper 's quilts & comforts located in sugarhouse . today , we 're going to be talking about joining bias strips . we 've already cut our strips on bias two and a half inches wide and now , we 're going to be joining these bias seams in preparation for putting our binding on our quilt . the first thing we have to do is make sure that we have like image . in other words , this image and the slant is identical to this image . now , if we set this up and we had a situation like this , we would just take one of our strips and flip it around and then we would have an identical image . then , right sides go together and then we 're going to pick up the top piece , and we 're going to angle it so that we can prepare our seam . now , what we 're looking for is stitching from valley to valley , this is what i call this is v , valley right here and i 'm going to stitch from this point to this point , so let 's do this . i will begin my stitching right where that valley is . and i 've got a stripe here so this stripe is actually aiding me in giving me a line . now , i 'm going to pick up the bottom one and i 'm going to bring it up on the bed of the sewing machine . i 'm going to pick up my next piece of bias . i 'm going to make like image , put right sides together , and then i 'm going to angle the top one so that i get valley to valley and a bias line that i can stitch , and i 'm just going to feed the next one in . and you would keep doing this until you had enough inches to go all the way your quilt plus about 10. now , i stitched all my strips together and that is enough inches to go all the way around my quilt plus about 10 inches because i need to make my final seam . and i 'm going to stitch to the very end . pick up one of my little strips , put it underneath my needle , and i can cut free my work . and that 's how you stitch together your strips in preparation for doing your binding on your quilt .
yyOEoSJazbo hello , my name 's rebecca herrick . i 'm a massage therapist in wilmington , north carolina . and , i 'm here to talk about what is hydrotherapy treatment ? hydrotherapy treatment can be incorporated into many different modalities of massage and body work therapy . and basically , it is the use of water in some form , for therapeutic reasons . for example , if you use heated water , it helps to increase circulation to the muscles , and help increase flexibility , and things like that . if you use water , in it 's ice form , it helps to decrease circulation to an area , which is greatly used in the treatment of inflammation . so , water being used in those `` twof '' , two different forms , is typically , used the term hydrotherapy . there 's also hydrotherapy used a lot in physical therapy , in the forms of whirlpools and saunas , and , just heated water , and things like that . hydrotherapy can even be used as a term for using hot stone therapy . if you use the hot , the , you soak the stones in the warm water , that 's heating the stones , and using the water as your medium . and that would be the use of hydrotherapy treatment .
Wqr3cDxE81E hi , in this session , we 're going to talk to you about some acupressure treatments for arthritis in the ankles . most common reasons for arthritis to develop in the ankles is from an injury . that type of thing , being hit by a car , situations like that . what you should do first is speak with your veterinarian , make sure the dog 's had a thorough examine , and that everything has been done possible for them , but then using acupressure techniques , you can do a lot to ease pain , loosen up the stiff joints , and make that joint work much better if you do these particular procedures , and work with your dog at least once or twice a week . ideally every three or four days . and you 'll see some great improvement in how the animal is able to use those joints . so , we 'll show you some tricks and tips on how to do particular work for the ankle specifically and some general points to help use the hips and the rest of the leg when the animal is compensating for the injury from the arthritis .
LtekWsqpfGk let 's add a three quarter shimmy to our sharp arabic move . so let 's first do it in place till we have all the parts going in the right direction . let 's have one foot slightly in front , knees are going to be bent , pulled that belly button in . and we 're going to start with the weight , the leg in the front that 's taking the weight . so we 're going to first do like , one , two , up , up and down , down and up , up . down down in the front , up up in the back . down down , up up . takatak takatak . good . now the back foot is going to propel us forward , so when we take weight in the back , it 's going to free up our foot in the front so that we can travel . so let 's try that . so , travel up . now let 's speed it up . tak takatak , takatak , takatak , takatak , takatak . other way . tak takatak , takatak . make sure you keep your chest nice and lifted so that all that all the movement is in your hip . you keep the feet nice and small steps so that you do n't get out from under you , keep your weight under you . and keep breathing . check that belly button . practice this in the mirror and make sure your hips are moving evenly .
WDvXARe4dO8 so the first double stop we are going to look at is b and f so to get up to the b in second , to get the f you need to put down your third finger first and you continue it with the b and f in first . so that is the first double stop we are going to look at and as you will see in arpeggios and the different pieces that you will be playing down the line with using double stops you are going to be using the fingers as an anchor most of the time .
f2QSW4Cc-6c o.k. , so today we 're going to make two mugs that are the same . the first step in this process is weighing the clay . and this is important because obviously if we want to make mugs that are the same we have to make sure that we have the same amount of clay to throw with . so the first step is obviously weighing the clay and what we have here is a balance beam . there 's many different kinds of weighing technology out there . obviously you can get a digital kind which is fairly old school . i know having thrown a number of mugs , for these particular mugs , i 'm thinking that we should use about three hundred and ninety grams . so i 'm going to set my scale there . and i 'm going to take my clay , pull back a little bit and i 'm going to take what 's called a wire tool which is how we cut our clay up . and i 'm going to go ahead and just take a whole slice off like this . take this over , lay it on my board . i 'm going to approximate what i 'm looking for and i 'm just going to see if i 'm right . too much , cut a little bit off of there . and by doing this you 'll eventually find , and again it does n't need to be completely exactly perfect because this is ceramics . but obviously you can see i 've got about three hundred and ninety grams . and so now we 've got our first bowl or mug . now mugs do n't require and awful lot of clay . however , you know , obviously if we 're making them for tea and stuff like that you want them to be a little thick because you want the insulation quality . and now we can find our second one . see this thing is a little bit more accurate than it needs to be but that gets to be my second piece . so now we have two pieces of clay that are the same weight and this is the first step of this process . and next we will be moving on to the wedging .
ynDw2MUPY2M well , fruityloops comes with plenty of its own effects and they are actually really good and you can do pretty much do whatever you want with them . sometimes third party developers make their own effects through the vst format . i do n't really know what vst stands for but you can call them vst like that 's the name . we 're going to perform an internet search real quick to show you just how easy it is to find these third party vst 's . i 'll actually show you one that i found that did some really interesting stuff . so i 'm going to the search bar and enter right in , free vsts . right there , the first thing you 're going to find is kvr , it ’ s a pretty well known audio website . you can do some searches in here to find some software and plugins and you 'll find plenty of free stuff . actually one of the things i found through here was this plugin called glitch . i 'll just put one in here and show you what it does . this one has all these effects that we showed you and actually sequenced the effects in each individual beat . right now they 're on random so it 'll play a random one of these , one of these effects ; they 're all very different effects in through all these sequences . i 'm going to open up the a man and put it in that channel and we 're going to play it to see what it sounds like . pretty wacky , is n't it ?
3BaRpK6e_-c okay let 's combine what we 've learned in this series and use all these techniques so that we can individualize and play to the music , the train beat . and what i did here is i combined both the bio , i combined adding accents other than the up beat . and i also combined four on the floor .
Owo_y9Tm9eM if i 'm going into this corner and i 'm hitting a shot . if i hit a shot and i think i 've got my opponent out of position i will turn inward . ok. so i 'm pushing along i reached over with my left hand and turned back . ok. that 's ok , but what if i hit a shot that 's a wimpy shot . so , i hit a shot , it 's a bad shot . i do n't want to turn in , because that corner is exposed . so , if i 'm strung out here and it 's hard to explain all of this without doing it , but if i 'm here and i hit a shot and i think i 'm out of position i might hit a lob shot and turn this way so that i 'm giving myself some time to get back deep . so , it just depends , but the bottom line is i 'm using my arms , my shoulders , my mind , my eyes , and my anticipation . i 'm using all of that to decide whether i 'm turning this way or to decide whether i 'm turning this way or whether i 'm coming into the net . it really is just an anticipation thing based on the shot i make and the opponent i 'm playing .
f3wBbSn-fR0 hi , my name is andrea orta mashburn , and today , i 'm going to discuss some games to play while babysitting . playing games with children has to be one of the first things that you 're going to do while babysitting . babysitting games can entail anything from coloring to playing with their toys , and even going outside . the most important thing to remember is that the games that you play are going to depend on the age level of the children that you watch . infants and toddlers are going to enjoy games that involve motor skills . for many of them , they 're finally having an understanding of their own physical motor skills . many times , playing with toys that they have in their room will help them aid in this development . pick out toys that you can see in their room that are what you would call educational ; things that they can grasp , things that they can pick up , things that they can not only pick up , but also put into other toys . this motor skill is one of the first things that children need to start learning . if you feel uncomfortable playing with their toys , or you do n't see any immediate toys that would aid in their motor skill development , simply by picking up a marker or a crayon and getting them a blank sheet of paper will also work on their motor skills . for many of them this activity is not only fun , but gives them ' a sense of independency . for older children ; their games are going to be a lot different than the developmental stage . many of them are finally having an understandinment of fantasy , so they enjoy playtime , they enjoy make believe , and they enjoy mimicking adults . go through their room and look for toys that will aid in this type of development . many of them have dress up clothes . dress up can be a wonderful time ; not only for boys but also for girls . having them pretend to be somebody that they know , whether it 's a doctor or a fireman gives em ' that sense of understanding of what people do in real life . older children may also enjoy playing on the computer . many times , mom and dad have allowed them to do so , so make sure before you allow them to be on the computer you get permission to do so before . once on the computer , watch the child when he plays the games . make sure that they 're appropriate for his age level , and if he needs assistance you 're always there for help . finally , with older children ; many of them enjoy going outside , as well as infants and toddlers . make sure to ask mom and dad before you begin this activity , that you have their permission . make sure they have the appropriate space , whether it 's in the back yard or the front yard . make sure before ever taking them to the front yard that you have permission , and that it 's a safe location . make sure when you take em ' to the back yard that it 's also a safe location as well . once in the back yard , many children just enjoy being outside . walk with them , run with them . if there 's certain games that you would like to play ; for instance , red light-green light or even tag , encourage the child to play with you . so remember , be dependable , be safe , and always be on time .
vD-R2tlXPUg in this example of harmonized chords , i 'm going to branch out a little bit where i 'm actually skipping a string . for example , what i 'm going to be doing here , and i 'm going to be playing in the key of e minor , is going , starting with my root note e , and then going , pinching on the d and the b strings together . in this case it would be b and g. and then using my third and fourth finger for positioning purposes , too . again on the d and the b strings , this time c , and a. then moving up to d and b , the octave on the twelfth fret . and then moving back to the c and the b notes and then the b and the a notes . so , what i 'm going to be doing here is going . creating again a simple melody , but again , something that can fill up space very nicely . so we 'll be going . and i 'm also using a little slide technique there as well , going . not pinching those notes , but pinching the notes that come back . so up to speed , it 'll sound like this . so another variation of a harmonized chord , this time in e minor , and using a slide technique and again creating a nice little melody .
AyjuvIrDcaI hi . i 'm christine pachini for expert village and today i 'm going to teach you some basic knitting techniques . the third method is called throwing and in throwing you hold the yarn loosely across the palm but you do n't do any of that wrapping around the pinky or these two fingers . loose it over the palm and hold the yarn with your thumb and forefinger and wrap and keeping a handle on the yarn with your thumb and forefinger , make your knit stitch and continue on again . wrap and over . you 're not really throwing anything although i guess the name came from just throwing this like so . like many things in knitting , the logic is sometimes a bit flawed . so wrap under and over and you 're not really holding on so much here for tension , the tension comes from the thumb and the forefinger against the needle .
sWkRV6O4BSc okay , so now that we have this piping made , i have maybe about two , three yards of it . i 'm going to show you a couple of installation tricks , for whatever project you might want to use it on . the first one i 'm going to do is just a straight seam , and no curves , just straight . so this might be something that you could put maybe at the bottom of a curtain or , let 's see , at the bottom of a dress , or something like that . so if you can imagine that this would be your curtain , and you want the piping at the bottom , and you want -- you want it to look like this at the bottom , and it 's going to be -- it 'll look really pretty just sitting at the bottom . so , okay , let 's do that . i 'm going to turn it back this way . the piping goes at the bottom , and it 's so easy to do , especially with your piping foot . this is basically just something to hide the seams , so if you can imagine it 's going -- the piping 's going to be sandwiched in between here , which is going to look really , really nice . so i 'm just going to go in , act like i 'm sewing the piping again but in between two pieces of fabric , like i 'm sandwiching it . so we backstitch -- always backstitch your projects . i 'm just going to make sure that it 's straight and even , and since it 's piping , if you want to look , it 's stretchy -- do n't pull it unless you 're going around a curve . if you 're going straight , you just let it lay the way it wants to lay . you just follow along with it . you go right to the edge and really avoid trying to -- pulling it like this , because then you 'll just have a big wrinkly mess . there we go . i 'm just going to take this out and see what it looks like . i 'm going to go ahead and cut this off . push this aside . and that 's what it looks like . there we go , that just looks really , really nice . and then , if you wanted to , you could do a little top-stitching right here on top and that would look really nice . let me just pop this in . that 's just to make it stay where you want it to stay . okay , and top-stitching it like this is good for a lot of things , like dresses , and like home decor , but not so much for round -- round things like pillows and stuff like that . so i 'm going to cut that off , and cut this off . and if this were your curtain , you would just go ahead and press it open just like this , and that would be the bottom of your curtains . it 's very easy to install piping on a straightaway .
ewAfEGNmp2c tina stull : hi , i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today , we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . other things that you can consider is that you need to keep track of the stuff that you get . when you get newspaper articles or you get magazine articles or even it comes down to when you do interviews . and if you do interviews on -- for tv shows , you keep it all in one package . and when you have somebody who might be a potential sponsor , they 're going to want to learn as much about you as they can . a lot of times , they might be so far away that they ca n't come and get a one-on-one with you , but by having a packet together that you can pass on , that gives them a little bit of an idea of what you 're all about . mainly , you can mail a hundred of those out and not have one hit , but if you mail one out to the right person that might be the hit . so do n't just mass mail people . too often , everybody 's getting hit up for money . and a lot of times , the first thing , when they hear anything about , `` hey , i want money for -- to go racing , '' they 're going to shutdown because you 've lost sight of what you actually are . you 're there as a billboard for them so you really need to tell them straight upfront what you have to offer . you need to know also who your audience is . there 's statistics out there that you can get , demographics that will tell you what percentage of our fan base is male , what percentage is female , what are the age groups , where is it the most popular . those kinds of things are going to help you when it comes to selling your racing program . and also you need to come to them and tell them what you can provide for them : will you do appearances ? will you host people at the track ? do you do any other events ? through a lot of activities away from the track , that 's where i get the majority of the exposure that i got , and it 's mainly through word of mouth from person to person , working with good , strong organizations that are very active in the community and active also in the internet . as -- if i do an event with them and they are putting that on their web site , that in return is helping me out . so it 's kinda one of these compounded things . the best way though is stick with things that you really believe in . stick with companies you believe in . and if you 're going to do charities , stick with that 'cause it 's got to be sincere . if you 're doing it with the thought that `` i 'm going to go help this organization 'cause it 's going to bring me money over here , '' then i 'd say you 're pretty much dead in the water because that not only comes off badly , it 'll come off badly for your sponsors . so stay genuine to where your heart is
OkQWfvlj_6g here 's another shot that comes up quite often in pool . we 've got both balls , our cue ball and our object ball , both frozen to a rail on the same side of the table . now the obvious way to make this shot if we want to pocket this ball into that corner pocket . the obvious way would be just to stroke it right down the rail to contact that point . problem is , generally on most tables , they 're not player friendly in the case that you can actually get that cue ball to stay on that rail . what happens is , a lot of time , with some of these places you go into where the cloth has really been played on a lot , really worn a lot . it has a track along here , where the base of the ball rides around these rails . it will build up a track that the ball wants to stay in . and then , when it gets over , if it 's coming down the rail like so it gets over to the side pocket and it has a tendency to want to roll right into the side which means then it comes over here and it hits that corner and bounces out and you miss the shot . so , what we want to look at real quick is a way to actually make this shot by using a curve . just a slight curve shot . and this is going to be one of those shots where we 're going to deviate from the general rule of a level cue . we 're going to come up just a little bit and back . and , when we do that , we 're going to aim out this way just a little bit and we 're going to use just a little bit of right hand english . there .
wi0mJxTQ-LY in this clip , we are going to demonstrate to you , steps number four and five . these are done in two speeds . following the notes , ta ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . ta ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . ta , ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . dhai , dhai , na , tri , ki , dhin , na . as you saw her head movement , coordinated with her arms and the feet . and now we show you step five , to the same notes . ta , ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . ta , ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . ta , ithi , na , tri , ki , te , te . dhai , dhai , na , tri , ki , dhin , na . in this clip , we 're going to show you steps seven and eight . the notes for step seven are dha , dhi , na . dha , dha , dhi , na . ta , ti , na . ta , ta , ti , na . and the step starts with chauk . and we go , dha , dhi , na . dha , dha , dhi , na . ta , ti , na . ta , ta , ti , na .
ZEMcawKQ3wY now , what does that nine tell you ? number one it tells you that he does n't have the jack or queen because why would n't he have played the jack or queen under the ace . why is he playing the nine ? so that pretty much is giving you information that you can , and then he plays small , small . so now you play the king and low and behold your partner plays the six of diamonds . okay , these are the plays , this has already been played . the king and now the six . so now that tells you that you can play the ten and say the queen comes out and on the third round your partner plays the three . so now you play this , another ten or perhaps the opponent stuffs the queen or the jack under the king . now your partner has now played the three of diamonds . so that 's very wonderful because now you can play the deuce of diamonds in complete comfort . your partner has basically walked the suit down for you . so he 's telling you , do n't worry about that deuce of diamonds , that 's not going to hurt me . i can now take a discard . let 's just say for example , he discards the king of hearts under that deuce of diamonds okay and he trumps it , and he shifts say , to a trump . say he plays the four of spades . what is your job ? well , you want to play the , you can take a chance and hope your partner did n't go into nil with a jack , queen , or king but , the point is , is that he probably did n't . it would n't make any sense while the spade suit is masked here . so you 're going to take the ace of spades . now it gets a little bit dicey because , if you take the ace of spades you 're faced with these two leads , but how many tricks does your partner expect you to pick up for him ? he showed a bad club , say on that ace of spades he decides to drop the nine spot . still you do n't want to touch this suit because the bottom cards are low so you play the ten of spades and you 've done the best job you could to cover your partners nil . your partner will guide you , you assume your partner did n't go in for a bad nil . you 've got a five bid in front of you , chances are the opponents are going to be thinking about making their hand . so keep in mind , cover your partner , when you 're covering a nil lead high cards and give your partner a chance to take discards .
myMiSCLkzY4 time now for a trivia question regarding bandages . let me extricate it here from its paper prison . and the question . what is the fear of doctors called ? this is multiple choice , inverse alphabetical order . is that sciaphobia , nephaphobia , iatraphobia or blenophobia ? now the prize , the only prize for the correct answer is one pat on the back that you 'll have to administer yourself . which is a heck of a lot better than a slap on the belly with a wet trout ! now , what is your answer on that ? sciaphobia ? no . it 's iatraphobia . for the record sciaphobia , the fear of shadows , nephaphobia , the fear of clouds and blenophobia , the fear of slime . just in case you 're ever on that millionaire show or jeopardy . now we have a recent study from england , that indicates that some individuals are actually addicted to wearing bandages . these are often cases of individuals who had some surgical procedure or serious injury where bandages were applied . and they 've now become addicted to wearing them . in one case a woman was wearing them for twenty-two consecutive years . now it is n't a problem . bandages are n't that expensive . however a few individuals apparently have been sneaking into hospitals to get high quality bandages for their addiction . now you might ask . how would you know if someone has a bandage addiction ? well perhaps you might see them walking down the street with a bandage on their nose . and perhaps , if i can get this off , just to give you an idea of how you 'd know if someone has a bandage addiction . so you see someone walking down the street , like this . suspect strongly that that individual is addicted to wearing bandages . yes !
y_xja6T2-Dw hi , i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert . let me show you how to hook your pc up to your tv , which can be very useful if you want to show internet videos , you 've got a nice television at home or you 're doing a business presentation , it 's a good thing . now there 's several different ways to get it out . the way we 've hooked this one up right now is using a super video connection . now s video is what 's going to come out of the back here and i 've already just gone ahead and simple just plugged it in . and on this particular monitor , here on the side , is an s video input . okay . so we simply put in one side of the s video connector in here and the other side in there . now if you want to get audio with it , it 's a separate connector . you 're going to use something like this . it 's going to look like a headphone jack on one side and on the other side , it 's going to have two prongs , one for your left and your right audio . okay . so all i 'm going to do here is on our pc , i 'm going to plug it into the headphone jack and now on this particular monitor , super video is only offered on the side input . so i 'm just going to slip it in right in here . and i 'm going to do red for right and white for left . and now we 've got sound coming out here , we 've got the other one coming out there . now , some of the older models will use a dvi or a vga . now if you do n't have a , miss right over again , if you do n't have super video out , alright , you want to make sure that your monitor , some of the more modern , modern monitors , have a dvi input or they have a vga input in which case you just use a double sided unit to put it on in there . if it does n't , some of the computers like apple and some of the pcs have a general purpose input , which means kind of a weird connection somewhere on the side of the computer and you could buy little connectors to put in there . so , one side it 's the specially little connector , on the other side it 's component , composite , vga , sdi and you 're just trying to match on what you want to do there . so it 's literally hooking a direct to direct and then on the tv choosing the proper input and that 's how you hook you pc up to your tv . i 'm rokosz , your digital lifestyle expert saying , `` stream you later '' .
OoRSBBe5JFw what i 'll be performing here is a zottman dumbbell preacher curl , which is different from the traditional dumbbell preacher curl . what 's different from it , is when you bring the dumbbell up and squeeze it . after you squeeze it , you 're going to turn the dumbbell around palms facing down to the ground and controlling it still . and , then at the bottom of the motion you want to turn your wrist around palms up and curl it back up again . so , again twist it on top palms facing down . control it going down . on the bottom of the motion , twist it palms facing up . and , you want to do about three sets to about eight to ten reps with this motion . control it . bring it up . flex the biceps . and , then you want to go ahead alternate it . flex the biceps . switch the angle , palms down . on the bottom switch it , palms up . squeeze the bicep . and , that 's how you perform the zottman dumbbell preacher curl .
QE_EIm9C5B4 o.k . i 've hit let 's say either a not so good shot but sometimes i 've hit the ball great and it just takes a bad bounce and lands up against a tree and so in this situation , you may be entitled to a drop . but most likely , you 're just going to have to get up to the ball and figure out a way to pop it out of there . so sometimes these types of lies are where strokes can mount up because there 's no good way . i ca n't take the full swing , it 's up against the tree the trunk of the tree so we ca n't hit at it . so trees are something that can cause you a lot of trouble and they 're best to be avoided . whether you 're trying to hit through them it seems that the branches and the leaves really can knock down a lot of balls . so trees are best to be avoided but if you do get around trees or in trees every now and then you 'll get a nice channel to get out of them and you 'll have a shot . but a lot time all you have to do all you can do is just try to take this ball that 's behind the tree and just pitch it back onto the fairway . so that 's all you can do and it 's one of the unfortunate things in golf but it happens even to the top pros .
kX97tBCYzXA next , we 're going to continue building and we 're going to build our wall around the outside of the sandcastle . that 's your protection for anything that is inside your castle . we going to use your basic preformed shapes by packing sand in them and creating a perimeter around the outside connecting all four corners of the wall . once again , we 're going to hand pack into the shape . make sure you use plenty of water . the more water the better . it will help it when you try to dump it out . and i 'm going to start in the middle and work my way around the wall . once again , you squeeze it a couple of times to get the sand loose , and carefully pull it off . and now we 've completed our outside wall to our sandcastle .
fuyLTcjtQ6E okay , one of probably the most overlooked areas is the groin and this is where a lot of injuries will take place . so , what we 're going to do is we 're going to drop steve down into a groin stretch . and basically he 's putting his weight down on his groin and this is a little bit more of an advanced stretch , but what he 's doing is he 's taking his arms and he 's pushing out as well and he 's really getting ; making sure that this inner leg and the groin and the abductor muscles are really going to get warmed up and really stretched out . again one , two , three , one . one , two , three , two . one , two , three , three . it 's a great way to stretch and then what you 'll do is once he gets to ten , he 'll go ahead a break . go ahead and stand up and we 'll go ahead and drop him down on the ground and what he 's going to do is the butterfly stretch . and he 's going to pull his feet in and again , he 's going to push down with the legs . and he 's going to really make sure that he 's warmed up and that he 's stretched in the area because once those ; once the abductors and the groin muscles become agitated , it takes a long time to recover from and you 're not going to perform the same ; not for quite some time . so , you really want to make sure . one , two , three , one . one , two , three , two . one , two , three , three . and again go on to ten . it 's not an actual ten seconds . it 's a little bit longer , but again there 's no race to a good stretching and warming up .
f5G5BCZ4r9M okay , we are playing skinny minnie and we 're going to discuss the predraw portion of the game in this segment . the very first thing is everyone antes one red chip . you can have your ante be whatever you want . say five pennies . and i am going to deal five cards to every player at the table . and now the key thing about skinny minnie is that it 's played high/low . so your may not be so great as a high hand but be a good low hand . and that 's something to consider . now we have a betting round . and let 's say the player to my left checks . and we look at your hand and you have , you actually have middling cards . and i want to stress that in a came that 's high/low , it 's best to not play middling hands . but we are going to go ahead and proceed with this hand for demonstration purposes . so , you 'll check . this player checks . and you checked because you 're hoping to see the draw for free . and i 'm going to go ahead and check and you will see the draw for fee .
0gVErGbW3MY on behalf of expert village my name is lizbeth muller and today we are going to make congri . i 'm cutting up my onion , i 'm going to cut it up small real , real small it 's going to be delicious . i 'm going to wash my knife here , i 'm chopping it up really thin because i do n't want to see it in my rice . that is why i 'm using a bigger knife to get really small pieces in there , meanwhile my bacon is cooking back there . still not crispy it 's soft , you want to keep an eye on that make sure that it 's not getting overcooked or that it is not cooked yet . come back over here i 'm going to chop this up .
O6C61kye4PM if you want to transition into gymnastic from a different sport , it 's kind of hard to get your flexibility if you have n't started from a younger age . i started when i was probably 5 , learning how to do the splits and then i got my strength for doing bars and doing the beams and doing my cartwheels in the outfield . i definitely think that you can transition to gymnastics if you do work on that flexibility everyday .
xxhiz0o9GlY so once you purchased your tea and you put it in the right place , you have to know how much tea can you make before you have to go buy some more . some teas are very dense . for example the masala chai is made of mainly herbs and it 's black tea leaves that 's a bit heavy , so when you scoop it out , it looks this little , but this brews a full 16 oz . cup of tea . so a 2 oz . cup , a 2 oz . container of tea will go a quite a long way , fifteen or twenty five cups of tea . and you might not realize this but loose leaf tea when it 's high quality , you can get two , three , four , five infusions out of the same tea leaves . the oolong that i mentioned , that tea can go for about ten , fifteen brews . you get the best oolong , twenty five infusions . not crazy ? well , you get a white tea that 's volume ease and it 's light , you 're going to need a full tbsp . of tea , which means that the huge bag , that when you purchase it , it comes out to be this big , but you can only make the same amount of cups of tea , fifteen to twenty cups of tea . just because it 's denser , does n't mean you have to use more tea .
RedqslRRIno can my dog get injured from the roll over trick ? as i 've mentioned in my previous series , if you keep your dog eating the right quality food , mixed with the right exercise and command work , it 's definitely safe to say your dog is healthy and balanced . like any trick that i 've talked about today , i always recommend learning it from an experienced friend or trainer , as well as doing it in a safe environment for the dog . for the roll over , i would always recommend fresh grass , or a soft carpet or bedding . be sure the dog understands in the beginning what 's expected with the trick , so they do n't move or strain their body too quickly . once the dog does this on a regular routine , repetition , exercise format , it 's going to be just as easy as getting your dog to sit . so most importantly , a soft , a soft mat , or a soft , soft bedding , is going to be a , is going to be the best way to ensure safety for your dog .
A6f76Ox_EPg hi , my name is gail hoffman from north florida and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to make mole poblano sauce . so we have our peppers that we rehydrate and as you can see , they are more softer now . we are just going to pull the skin off of them and put them in a food processor . i have also have the poblano chilies that we roasted , pan roasted and we let them steam . i 'm going to just pull the stems off of those , you can leave the seeds in . the seeds add a little bit more heat , you can take them out to depending on how much heat you want . we can always add more spice but you can not take it out something to keep in mind when working with peppers . also wash your hands very well after you handle them before touching your eye . i 'm also going to add 1 of my chipotle peppers and these are very very spicy . so that is going to spice them up and then into the food processor and we would puree that . i 'm also going to add some chicken stock which is going to help the pureeing process . probably for all those peppers , i 'm going to use about a half a cup of chicken stock . now you can see , we have puree peppers . those are spicy !
kpiT48nurX4 once you 've mastered both your toe and heelside edges , you 're going to want to get on the chair lift and really give it a go . you want to be with only one foot strapped in , so you want to go back to skating . you 're going to skate up to the lift line and get on . show them your ticket and skate up to the chair lift . you want to wait behind the chair . there will be a red line to show you were to stop . and , just follow your lifty 's cues as to when to sit down . keep your legs straight as you 're leaving the snow , so it does n't get tangled under the chair . and , you can put it on top of your other foot so you 're nice and comfortable . that 's how you get on a chair lift . now , you 've just got to enjoy the ride .
Ho5qLU_cq9I ok. the general shapes are coming out . once again , in order to help separate this from the background use contrast . contrast is our friend . so , enhance the contrast wherever necessary in order to help separate this from the background and make it stand out . i am now using black and because i 've got a lot of pastel already on this board the black is n't ever going to get real black . because , it 's mixing with the other colors . but , watch how see how that makes the cat stand out from the background and it 's also providing some weight and making it sit on this cloth .
fF-kchrzkqc hi my name is rachel deon for expert village . now let 's see what to do after the mixture have been sitting for 24 hours . it was covered so no bugs will come in as you can see there is a syrup most of the sugar melted and some sugar stayed on top . and i want to show you i did n't mix it , all this liquid came out of the fruit . there 's a lot of sugar on the bottom which became hard because of the juice . that 's why it 's important to leave it with same pot that we 're going to cook it with because it will be hard , not impossible but hard to remove it to a different pot . fruits have different amount of pectin in it . pectin is what makes the mixture gel . in our case plums have a good amount of pectin in it so we do n't need to add any pectin which sometimes you want to add it comes as a powder . we also leave the peel of the fruit on it cause it adds a nice amount of pectin to the the mixture . as you can see i did n't fill up the pot to the top . because when it start boiling the mixture might run over and we do n't want this mess but you can fill it up a little bit more than i did . i just wanted to add that 24 hours is the best time but if after 10 hours you can see the juice there 's a nice amount of juice and most of the sugar dissolved already it 's fine to start cooking . if you want to leave it a little bit longer it fine to because sugar is a natural preservative . but you do n't want to wait to long because the fruit my start forminting .
TIKsq38ib78 hi ! my name is jesus cardoso , and i ’ m going to teach you how to decide on how loud should a vocal track be in the mix . first of all , we need to consider what style of music are we talking about . many times for rock , it is very good to have a vocal track as loud as the guitarist . the guitarists are the ones that basically give the rock feel to the song . in rock bands , nobody likes to have the vocals as loud as the guitarist . if we ’ re talking about pop , the vocal normally tries to stand out a little bit from everything else . especially , if we ’ re talking about a song where the artist or the singer is the main person . let ’ s say christina aguilera , then you really want to put the vocal right on top of everything else . just make sure that if you ’ re mixing everything together so the vocal doesn ’ t stand too much from it , always try to make sure that every single word that has been sung through this piece can be perfectly heard and understood .
ediqiDAFuLU the phoenix monkey is one of the hardest freestyle maneuvers in a hole . what the paddler does is reach across their bow to cast water on the power face of your paddle . you 're then going to do a pirouette . once i get back to facing forward again , i 'm going to reach up to the sky and initiate a loop , tuck forward , throw my loop , and finish with my paddle behind me . a lot of the motion gets done off this one blade . the pirouette pulls me around , and then at the tail end of the loop i can pull this paddle backwards to throw my feet back in front of me . with the phoenix monkey the goal is to really stay right close to the hole . different holes are easier or harder to do these in , so find a good hole . find that sweet spot of the hole , move around , try it in different locations .
P_hWF97zdKw hi , my name is sarah bader from lavender at stonegate , here in west linn , oregon . today i 'm going to talk to you all about the history of lavender . so , the name lavender comes from the latin name `` lavare '' which means to wash. and , it was used quite a bit in the olden days by romans as a dressing on their wounds during wars . but , there 's a lot of references to lavender in the bible using the name `` spikenard . '' in fact , there was a reference to mary magdalene using spikenard to wash jesus ' feet and adam and eve using lavender to , as they escaped the garden of eden . so , the first record of remedial properties back in a.d. 77 , it was considered a cure all for things like menstrual problems , upset stomach , kidney disorders and jaundice . in fact , in the middle ages , monks and nuns were known for using the herb to make medicine , in fact , it was found in king tut 's tomb in nineteen twenty two , and it had been sealed and it still smelled like lavender when they found lavender inside of his tomb . so , today lavender is used for quite a few things , just like it was back in the olden days . in fact , it 's very popular today as a culinary herb . people use it for decoration in their home , and the modern day roman therapist use it quite a bit to calm nerves when they 're using their treatments . if you want more information about lavender , go to the internet and look up these different topics .
dlyqj-BMmM8 in this example i 'm going to show another variation of alternate melody , this time in addition to pinches , throwing in a hammer on and again using some open strings and some just simply finger picked within the chord . in this example : i 'm going to play up to speed at first , and it sounds like this . so , what i 'm doing there is starting with the pinch and the hammer on and then basically doing what we call a banjo roll , which is simply going back and forth . so , i 'm going . and , then ending with a c pinch . so , back up to speed , i 'm going . you can also do something like that , just end with a nice little hammer on , where you 're pinching and hammering on and getting that nice ring of c out there . so , that 's essentially another finger stop pattern with a hammer on , pinches and little banjo rolls .
qFBhsZWxWBA adobe photoshop is a registered trademark of adobe systems incorporated and i am in no way affiliated with adobe . alright , so on this tutorial i 'm going to touch base on contrast . my contrast is something i like to do to always every one of my photos and this is probably the last thing i do when i 'm done with my curves and saturation and color balance . i usually go to the contrast button and there is no shortcut for contrast , so you just have to go into your image - mode , and then adjustments and then this little dialog box will come up . now , contrast is something that every photograph , especially digital needs . because every digital file is basically flat right out of the camera and it always needs just a little tad bit of contrast . now the image that i have here is already is already a finished image . i 've already completely added my saturation and messed with my curves and messed with my contrast . but , for this little tutorial i 'm going to just use the image . you got two different options in the brightness and contrast dialog box . you have first one which is brightness , which i never ever use and i do n't ever recommend it for anything . if you want to brighten your image use curves or use the levels , but do not use brightness . it 's just for some reason , it 's just funky . it brings noise and it makes your picture look horrible . so , just do not do it . one thing i do like to use though is contrast . so , what you do is just slide your contrast over and as you can see my picture just got a lot more contrasted . if i hit the preview button you can see there , you can see the before and after . it just pops out just a little bit more than what it was . and i actually like the look of contrasty colors in a picture . it just makes it pop a whole bunch more and when you get a print back it just looks so much better . usually that is the problem with most photographs . they do n't have enough contrast to make the blacks look black and the whites look white . in contrast usually you have to do more with the blacks than whites , but as you can see here contrast is a fairly easy tool to use . although , it is a very helpful tool to use and it 's very effective and it 's very important that you do use the contrast tool on every one of your photographs . now there is another way to get to contrast and to saturation and that 's through this button down over here where i 'm at . if you click on that you can actually individually work on the layer that has curves . an individual layer that has contrast and that 's something that i can touch base on later , but for now i 'm just going to stick with what i 've shown you . thanks .
16qmeao3Tf4 the little separation in between the two hands in between the activity what we are doing with the two hands . we learned already how to play with two balls in one hand . but we have n't used so far the other hand during all this time . of course you can make a lot of different kind of separation not only this one . then you have two ball in one hand and one ball in the other hand . but as an introduction , we do now like that . so i have the two ball in one , in my hand . i throw them . and i just start to play with my other hand . this is the easiest way at the moment . so what i 'm doing with this hand that i only move it up and down . and i 'm likely to follow one of my ball . so now i always follow the ball what i throw in the first . so the separation is exactly this . i have one hand what is doing some activity . my right hand is just doing the throws but at the same time my left hand is going up and down , moving the ball in harmony with one of the other balls .
fCPOOJd1fO0 stephen r. koepfer : on behalf of expert village , my name is stephen koepfer of new york combat sambo in new york city , and today we 're going to show you sambo combinations . okay , again , we 're going to do a strike-throw combination . it 's going to involve overhand punch into a pancake throw off of a basic grip . this is good for a combat sambo competition where you wear the jacket or you could use this in mma as well with no jacket . so from here , we 're going to use our overhand punch as an entrance for our underhook to do the throw . okay ? i have a grip on his sleeve ; he 's got a grip my lapel , overhand punch , continue the motion , underhook , i 'm going to sit on my weight . okay , now i 'll show it to you again in real time , overhand to a pancake . okay . so , again , what 's important here , like all combinations , is that you continue your motion .
q_gtJp0dYfg okay so as you can see we 've completed our candlesticks here . and you can see how they will look when there 's a candle inside of them . very nice presentation . so there are a few things i 'd like to review in regards to preparing for the first firing . which is the bisque firing . first of all , this is the last time we 're going to be able to do any tooling . so any kind of decoration you want to do where you 're gouging into the clay or making marks , now 's the time to do it . i 'll flip it over and put my name into the side of it . which i like to do with all of my parts . to show you how the clay is still workable . and the date . may sixth . in preparing these to dry these , it is important to know that you want them to dry out nice and evenly . often times the tops will dry out too quickly . you can actually develop cracks in the clay if this happens . so you do n't want that . so if you 're in a very dry environment you might want to take a spray bottle and simply spray them down . if it 's really dry you might want to put some paper towel around it and put plastic on it . you just want to understand that the clay wants to dry out nice and evenly . when it 's dry it 's going to look like this . as you can see , when i scratch this it 's hard to tool and does n't make very nice marks . but when it gets like this , it 's ready to go into the kilt and bisquified . which is the first firing in the process of making ceramic ware . so now these are completed and ready to go on to my drying rack . i do hope you 've enjoyed joining me in my studio and making candlesticks . join us again on expert village and learn how to make a variety of different types of ceramic ware .
uXEC0Eow0Dw okay , now we 're going to do triceps on the balance ball . so take a pair of dumbbells , sit on the ball and now you 've got to roll the up your back , so , lie backwards . now bring your head back so it 's supported on the ball . arms straight up over your head . now keeping your elbows pointed up towards the ceiling , bend at the elbow . so you 're bending as much as you can . and then you 're going to straighten up and squeeze hard in the back of the arms . your triceps , your three muscles which run up the back of your arms , and what they do , they straighten out your arms , so making sure to bend and straight as much as possible will make this a tricep specific exercise . keep breathing , if you 're hard core , breath out when you bring the dumbbells up , otherwise just make sure to keep breathing . these are tricep extensions on the balance ball . they 're also going to help your core because you got to keep your entire body tight so you do n't fall off the ball .
Net96dKIsI4 hi ! i 'm robin westover with trees-mom.com , and we 're making a video for expert village today . we 're doing a gothic crocheted wire bracelet . on this bracelet , we 're going to have a skull that we 're going to attach with a split ring . a split ring is like a key ring . it goes around in a circle and has an end that you use to attach the charm . what i do is stick my fingernail in between the wires on the split ring and just roll . twist it through . this way your charm is going to dangle on your bracelet and it 's going to look really cool . i try not to use the other kind of rings because they come apart . the charms have a tendency to come off . if you use a split ring , they 're going to be more secure as well as dangle . it 's going to make it look really nice .
VhiLaPt1kiQ you want to change you identity . hi , i 'm robert todd , and i 'm here to answer the question , how do you change your identity ? well the answer is really , you ca n't , legally . yes i know there are a lot of internet sites that promise to help you change your identity for a specific fee , but the bottom line is you ca n't really change your identity . yes you can change your name , you can change your social security card number , but short of the witness protection program with the federal government , there is no way you can change your identity , so you got to keep that in mind . now , if you really do want to change your identity , perhaps the best thing to do is change your name legally , which is another legal process , take up a different profession , a different line of work , move away , change the way you walk , change your habits , and that sort of thing , and that 's really the only way you 're going to change your identity . i 'm robert todd , and thank you for watching .
I0I24MqrP6o so now what we 're going to do is get our shoulder dimensions , our shoulder dimensions , and that is going to be from the back from the shoulder seam here and the shoulder seam here , the fullness between the two , and you 're going to need someone to help you out because it 's going to go from down there all the way across to there . and i 'll draw it out so it 's much clearer , how to get the exact dimension and where to place the measuring tape . it 's going to start here at your shoulder seam and it 's going to go across the fullest part of your back to the other side and then whatever is in this dimension , across here , which is your shoulder dimension .
eidd8CdYF6U hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this standing grappling . the next one of our moves is going to be a double arm bar . this position is done from someone getting hold of your shoulders . okay . so this where melissa is grabbing to my shoulders this way . again , this action is very simple to perform . i 'm going to bring both of my hands through the inside of her arms this way , okay . as you do it , this is a wedging action . this wedging action is going to loosen the grip this way . i 'm going to circle the arms around this way and pull them into my body . from the in position , my hands rotate up , okay , so i 'm locking her palms under my armpits , my forearms are in her elbows . now from here i lean my body up and lift our arms this way . now this one you have to be very careful as you 're working with your partner , `` go ahead and grab again melissa '' , because they do n't have a hand free to go ahead and tap . so you have to perform this one go ahead light and easy . if you go too fast , they have nothing to tap so you do n't know and you 're going to keep squeezing , you 're going to hurt your partner . one last time , up , around . now you see that i make contact that do n't loose . i 'm not going like this . okay . i ca n't lose grip so i 'm going this way , `` shooh '' , in . okay . grabbing , lifting and squeezing . so this is standing grappling double arm bar .
ZYCU4cR67Cc it 's important for people with adhd to find inside themselves a sense of inter-calm , inner-peace . it 's important for us to experience quiet time , relaxation time . a common complaint of people with adhd is that they feel like they are always on the go , they feel like they 're driven by a motor , they feel that it 's never quiet in their heads . this is where complications with sleep can happen with adhd . the minute you lay down to try and rest is when every commercial jingle you know starts running through your head . a good way to start learning quiet time is to engage in meditation activities , and practice meditation , and i say practice meditation because it takes practice . it 's not an overnight fix to anything . by learning meditation and mindfulness we can start to become aware of the state of our heads , the state of our brains , and get a sense of , this is what i 'm feeling , i feel energized , i feel motorized . there 's a lot of sound in my head and by exercising , breathing , and meditation skills , we can actually learn to control the amount of noise in our head , and the amount of motorization in our day to day lives , and in our feelings . i think it 's essential for someone with adhd to seek quiet , and learn to seek calm .
jCpG2SH88PQ now , i will show how to sew the strips on to our carpet . i 've already started sewing the strips on as you can see . what you do is you take the folded strip that has already been cut and lay it , start right at that starting line , and lay it right along our one inch marker . if you want , you can put in pins to hold it in place . and remove the pins as you sew . and then you put it on the machine , using a normal stitch , at 2 1/2 stitch length . you want to sew like right about 1/4 inch here on the edge . you are going to sew right along that fold and keep the edge right up to the line that 's been marked . so start by backing up a bit . now , remember that you 're using a heavy needle , a jeans needle , or heavy duty needle , depending upon what your machine instructions call for . and remove the pins as you go . and continue down until the end . and then you sew on all of the strips in the same way . all folding flat in one direction . now i am going to show you what to do as your carpet gets longer and it gets more difficult to put in to the machine . you 'll want to roll the excess up like this . roll this up to sew the next panel . okay . that makes it a lot easier to manage . okay . and the other thing that you can do is to turn , when you get to the half way point , we have about half of the rug done , turn the carpet over . and now this part is going to be the part that goes under . and it 's a lot more manageable . just place your next strip going in the other direction so that they are all going the right way and continue .
k1_jEfa5uBM in this video , i 'm going to be talking about juggling three balls in one hand . this is a hard trick . this actually might not work very well until after you 've mastered four or five balls , even . but conceptually , the trick 's very easy . all you 're doing is juggling three in one hand . just like you juggled two , you 're going to add a third one , and they 're all going to go a lot higher and a lot faster . so just show you what this looks like . three in one hand looks something like that . if you remember from when we learned four balls , this is actually a fountain pattern . that is , each throw is moving from the center to the outside . there are other patterns you can use . another common one is cascade . if you remember , the normal three ball cascade is just like this . we just throw across and side to side . you can do the same thing with just one hand . again it 's very high , it 's very stretched out vertically , but it looks something like this . if you can tell , it might be a little hard at first , but the balls are actually traveling in a cascade pattern and my hand is moving side to side underneath , throwing up to the right , then up to the left . when you practice this trick , just really give yourself enough time . throw those balls high , try and get them all the same height and all the same timing . practice it a lot . and this is a difficult trick , but when you incorporate it into a normal three ball pattern , people are very impressed .
Ld9EOGXQHag what we 're going to talk about and discuss , is how to properly inspect the firefighting part of the ensemble , known as protective hand wear or the glove . the gloves are a very important part of the ensemble where there should be no holes whatsoever or no loose stitching . gloves can wear out rather quickly under heavy use and mechanical damage . as we can pull and tug on each part of the seams to make sure our stitching is all intact , we can go over each finger one at a time to make sure that we do not have a hole or a problem in those areas . we then want to inspect to make sure our inner liner and thermal barrier stitching is still intact . on some gloves , there 's a short gauntlet made of nomex , that also needs to be intact , and now on these gloves , there 's not . we take these gloves to inspect them and feel to make sure all the fingers are intact while again inspecting for any holes or physical damage and to make sure none of the fingers and the inner liner has pulled free from them so we can quickly don them inside of a heat filled environment . the glove , very important part of a firefighting ensemble , should be inspected after every fire .
HOVbY6e6VBg you have this great big bowl and what if you only have a half of cup to cream to whip or two or three egg whites . that is what only that is the speed is for your mixer . it 's a little bit harder to over whip something when you have a small amount of it . so this is what the fastest speed is going to be for it 's going to be able to get into small amounts of egg whites or cream . so that you can whip it up properly even if you do n't have a half of bowl full . so we 're going to turn it all the way up to ten and you can see how much faster this is working on a small amount of egg whites . whereas we only had it at eight the egg whites were taking a lot longer to whip part of that is because the power and part of it is also because having a more powerful beater beating a small amount is going to work better than a slower speed . that is what the highest setting of your mixer is for so you can whip up even the small amount of materials without having to get a smaller bowl .
xP7HC-a2PE4 mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike lopez with expert village , and today we 're going to be discussing the black color from `` magic : the gathering '' . and now we 're going to talk about `` looming shade '' . `` looming shade '' [ technical ] and now we 're going to discuss `` looming shade '' . `` looming shade '' is out of the basic set . it has been around since the beta . it is the creature `` shade '' . once again , `` shades '' were very very popular when magic first got started . it is a common card , which means you can find it in your booster packs or at any gaming store for 20 to 25 cents , and `` looming shade '' cost you 2 and a black to play , which means its converted mana cost is 3. now , with the converted mana cost of 3 , you 're getting a 1/1 , which once again , you 're paying 2 extra for a 1/1 , which means that it 's going to have an ability . the ability on looming shade is very powerful because if you pay 1 black , looming shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn . now what this means is that , as long as you have black mana , you can play this but it 's not a tap ability , which means you can pump as much black mana into this creature as much as you want . and if you say , `` pump nine swamps , '' and tap them , `` looming shade '' will get plus 9 , plus 9 , which will make him a 10/10 , which would make him a very large and very power creature , and once again , he only cost you 3 to put in and then he would at least be able to be pumped up at least by 3 , so therefore , for 3 , you 're getting a 4/4 as long as you spend the mana .
GutdVpMKFNk okay our next step is going to be is to clean this piece of wood where we 've got the patch out . it has to be very , very clean and it has to be especially clean around the edges . so i 'm going to take my little pointy knife , and go inside the edge , very carefully , and cut little fibers and little chunks of glue and debris and just cut around and clean out around this edge . then i 'll take a chisel , and go over the interior of the patch , making sure i get off all the old glue and get down to bare wood . come back with the chisel , just very gently . you do n't want to lift up the veneer that surrounds this or you 'll have to make another patch , so be very careful about this . sometimes i like to take the chisel and pull it instead of pushing it , kind of use it like a pencil and clean , clean , clean . so we have this all nice and clean now , and now we 're gon na install the patching and this time i 'm going to use super glue .
gAtGc8Cq7aE okay in this next section we 're going to go ahead and remove our tail pipe so let ? s go ahead and get started on that . we 're going to remove our bottom bolts and then we 're going to remove our u bracket and take off the whole pipe , the exhaust and the lower pipe . okay so first we 're going to go ahead and take off , there 's a bolt right here , we 're going to go ahead and take , loosen this , but we 're not going to take off the clamp all the way because we are going to reuse it . so i got , i 'm using a 12 millimeter with an extension and a wrench and lets go ahead and take this off . so just get it real loose but do n't take it off all the way . alright so go ahead and squeeze that bolt out and this will be nice and loose and then leave that on there because we 're going to reuse it for our new pipe . okay so now we 're going to go ahead and , we 've got the bottom pipe moved , we 're going to go ahead and take off this whole section . we 've only got one more bolt holding it on and that 's going to be this one so we 're going to use a 12 millimeter with our wrench and torque it to the left . alright you can go ahead and take that out and set it in a nice safe spot . alright so let 's go ahead and take off our tail section now . we 've got it all loose . there we go . pull it all the way out to the side and first we 're going to wiggle it loose . we do n't want to pull it too hard and break anything . there we go . that 'll come off just like that . and there is your stock exhaust and go ahead and set that to the side .
NNTRAla40xk hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now is giving our defensive tackle some moves to make a good tackle in the backfield . it does n't matter how strong and how fast our defensive tackle is and how quickly he can get into the backfield because if he does n't get into the backfield and break down properly he 'll over pursue the play every time . a lot of times you 'll see a tackle be able to get into the backfield and he 's coming so hard and he 's off balance trying to make a tackle on the quarterback and the quarterback will either step up in the pocket or scramble to the outside . the defensive tackle worked that hard for nothing . we want to make sure we break down . on this play , we 'll have a running back coming hard to his right side . if the defensive guy does n't first take a good angle and then break down that running back will run out around . the running backs will always be faster and quicker than the defensive tackles . we 're going to show what this looks like when he gets in the backfield ( video demo ) . he breaks through , he 's going to get out , he does a great job of breaking down . he did n't just run by the play and let this guy cut back inside of him . he gets outside , he breaks down , then he explodes up and makes a good tackle . you have to do that in order to be a good defensive tackle or you 'll waste a lot of effort for nothing .
-0ot068wyoc welcome back , we 're in a lotus 111 car this time , it differs from the ninety-six elise in that it has a little more horse power , but the layout is the same , so you want to use the same techniques that you learned using the other lotus and apply it to this lotus . so here we go , same thing as the other lotus , it does n't have much power , but it does have a little more - so you have to be careful with your throttling , it 's a little more in this car than in the other car . steering is pretty much the same , technique of lift-off works really well for these type of cars , so you want to still practice lift-off over steer in these mrs because that 's simply what they like to do . so control your entry speed into corners , that does n't change . control your steering and your throttle , that does n't change . it 's just the initial feel of an mr car is different than the other drive trains . so use your power , what you have to get through , remember lift-off works really well for mr cars , so use that technique , see , lift-off , and just turn right around the corner . come to this fast corner , watch your speed as always , you do n't want to over speed into these corners like that . that was too much steering input . so here you go , we 're going to lift off the first second , watch it with the accelerator . so use throttle control in this car , it 's not as important as the following cars that we 'll cover , but it is a good habit to use feather throttle if you 're not sure at the corner , check your speed . feather the throttle when you need to get the back out a little more . you have to be very smooth in these cars otherwise you 're not going to be on the right line and that will prevent you from drifting through a section cleanly , so these mr cars are more about trying to be smooth with the smooth line rather than using the power to get around the corner like you did in an fr car . so practice using lift-off technique in this car as well , it 's an mr platform so you 're going to slide around and maybe spin out quite a bit more than an fr car if you are steering intensely . so keep your steering inputs small in these engine wheel drive cars and they will reward you with nice , long , beautiful drifts , so try attacking this course one last time in this car . so use weight shifting like we talked about in fr , it 's going to be a little more touchy in this mid-engine cars simply because the weight is behind the driver and not in front of the driver like in the other fr cars . try and keep your steering inputs small and smooth . balance with the accelerator as best as you can as you get through . the more and more you drive these cars the easier and easier drifting will become , because these cars do like to slide quite a bit .
ZI6CtZxtZGo alright , drink we 're about to make is called flat tire . and we 're going to make this as a shot or two . put some ice in a glass , we 're going to go ahead and chill the ingredients . make it nice and smooth when we take it down . alright , two shots of tequila . there 's one , and two , eventually . and one shot of black sambuka . there we go . stop . alright , let 's go ahead and chill those ingredients . so if you run out of jagermeister at your bar or the bar you go to does n't have jagermeister , but they happen to have tequila and black sambuka , you can go ahead and just ask for a flat tire . it 's going to taste pretty similar . okay , grab your strainer and two shot glasses , and go ahead and pour . there 's one , and two . so you see , it 's not so bad having a flat tire . bottoms up .
CetKLjWy3bY alright you just learned 2-5 in b major . now i am just doing 5 's . two 5 's in every key . now you can just pick out keys e flat , g flat , b flat , c , e flat , so it is an important tool compositionally and just to get all the scales under your fingers . so you can just go forever and land right where you want b major as you go through the pianist pallet .
SDw_dXnNij0 okay , monkeys inside out . i 've got the leg folded over . i 'm going to start close to the fold right cause the socks folded this way . so here 's the fold from the outside . the natural outside of the sock . i 've got my embroidery thread . i 've got a knot in the end already . i 'm just going to kind of run it right there and that will be where the knot goes and like i said i am going to kind of sort of curve the stitch around and go right up the in seam . so let 's see i want to flip it around a little bit . so okay i am just going to kind of curve the stitch around . and you know if you use embroidery thread , embroidery thread is pretty robust you can do i mean depending on who you are going to give this too . i do n't mind doing fairly course stitching . when i say fairly course i mean each stitch it does n't bother me each stitch is an eight inch apart or even more . you know you do n't have to get to precise with it . cause like i say embroidery thread i mean we are doing three strands . it 's pretty strong stuff . so i am just going to kind of stitch it here kind of around the foot . you see i am curving it a little bit and if you ca n't see that i will hold it up in a second so that you can see that . okay , good . see i just kind have not really curved it but i have kind of angled it around . okay so there we are . so now i am just going to run this you want to make sure that these are lined up . you do n't want to get like any other project in sewing ; you do n't want to get to close to the edge . especially you know on the sock . it 's a knit material so you need to kind of be careful that you do n't get to close to the edge so that if it unravels that the thread will stay in it . so i am just going to finish this seam all the way up and i am going to do the other side .
BkQuFR4ahcQ hi i 'm seth maxwell malice , i 'm going to show you how to draw on the fly . what we 're going to talk about now is where you are going to work . i tend to work anywhere i want . i 've , i escape my studio for better digs , better place to look at things , other people , other surroundings , much more interesting than staying in a stagnant room which could be your studio . which i call the room of death . so for your entertainment value , i make everything portable . i have a portable kit for my art supplies . everything is portable . hand held size pieces of paper . you name it . with this i can go on the road , i can go to a cafe . where people do n't see me drawing them , where i do n't see them looking at me drawing , it does n't even matter . there is a plethora of subject matter and everything you need . along with coffee , beer that 's good too . essentially a good surroundings makes more fun in drawing . so anyway that is what i have to say , i 've done drawings in cafes , once again in bars , essentially where you can just like sit and have a flat surface , you , yourself , your paper and the things to draw behind people 's backs . that 's the way to be a wrong artist .
eznFe3gwGdg after blockers have been declared , the combat damage step occurs . during this step all damage is assigned as follows . the power of any unblocked creature is assigned to the defending player , the power of creatures that have been blocked , and are blocking are assigned to each other . the grizzly bears assigned 2 damage to the honor guard ; the honor guard only assigns 1 damage , the grizzly bears . now there 's an opportunity once the damage has been assigned to activate abilities that can be played anytime instance are played . this ability can be used because there 's 2 white men available to save the honor guard from dying to the grizzly bears . at this point the ability will be activated twice giving it 0 , 2 until end of turn , this makes it a 1/3 , that means that it will survive the 2 points of damage the grizzly bears deals to it . the grizzly bears still survive because it 's only still dealing 1 point of damage to the grizzly bears . once the ability has been activated , the damage is dealt , that reduces the life total of the defending player by 1 point because the scryb sprites were n't blocked .
seZ1IIBsjJY now we ? re going to go in to your , first off before we go any further in to anything . writing any kind of verses we ? re going to discuss bars . here goes the thing about bars . there measures there counts . i use to think that a bar was every two rhyme words when ever i was young and that 's wrong . cause sixteen bar verses then was turned into thirty two bar verses it 's a measure . like depending on the speed of the beat will be the measure . but let ? s just say it 's a regular tempo beat like , once again were going to go back to my favorite analogy . fifty cent . when i pull up out front you see the benz on dulls , when i roll twenty deep it 's all we drum in the club now then i roll with dre all the girls show me love when you sell like m and m all the groupies will show you a. that 's four bars . cause it was in his rhyme words . you see what i 'm saying ? like if you want to go back , i 'm trying to thing about some other things that i can really , cursing down the street , in my six four , clocking it , jocking it , you see what i 'm saying that was two bars . but this way , but you know sometimes the beat might be quicker sometimes it might be like , man i 'm all about that money , these people thing it 's funny , i telling about that honey . see what i 'm saying ? but it 's still got to be a measure . see what i 'm saying ? you know what i 'm saying ? so when you find your bars , this way you know exactly what you ? re going through and you know the average song has sixteen bar verses . but if you trying to keep it interesting you want to just do what you feel . i know people that have spent sixteen ? s on the first verse . twelve ? s on the second verse and did eight bar bridges on the third verse . so people that did sixteen , sixteen , sixteen . people that have don two twenty four bar verses . but as a radio expert . i would tell you all to try to keep your verses between twelve and sixteen bars . never really go over just to keep it really soft . any were twelve is really is phenomenal . because it keeps you in that line in that realm of of things . and that 's how you write bars .
OjwPF_5YfsI when you start practicing linking spins in flat water , what you 're really focusing on is the timing of when you switch your edges and when you switch the rotation of your torso to keep your body in front of your boat . when linking spins what i 'm first doing is bow pivot turn , which is a reverse sweep and sinking bow down , and then catching myself on a stern pivot turn for the next end . sinking the stern down and pulling the bow back around . this is the way that we spin in holes or just doing some nice flat spins even . the timing is really important . every time that i 'm sideways , my paddle can only be on my downstream side , and my up stream edge has to be up . anytime that i 'm in line or straight onto it , now my boat can be nice and flat . when i link spins , i begin with a lot of edge , flat in the middle , a lot of edge , flat at the end . that way i 'm continually pulling the boat around . the other that changes with our sweep strokes with this is the first pivot turn is the same . once i get to backwards , i do n't need to start all the way up my toes because it wastes time . i 'll actually start just at my hip here and then i 'll catch the oncoming water on my paddle , and that 'll give me the extra push to bring the boat around . starting at the hip , we already have a lot of that momentum built up from the first bow pivot , so we 're just continuing the momentum by getting a bracing sort of stroke against the current .
egmH3W1oZuQ hi , i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village i 'm here to help you walk through the process of filling out the forms so that you can compete in the nhra . also what makes it much easier is they will come out with the schedule for the following year and that will be called the powerade edition . powerade is the main sponsor on that so it 'll be the nhra powerade drag racing series schedule and then you also have your lucas oil drag racing and they cover all the divisional events . so as you are putting together your schedule for that year you can look at maybe the races that are close to you and also you can take into consideration if you decided to run any nationals whether the dates line up because they are not always , they do run races on the same date . so you have to choose whether you want to run the nationals or whether you want to run the divisional and a lot of that is dictated , they 're pretty good about having those races really far apart . so if you 're not wanting to drive to seattle there might be a race close to you .
81DPUCzW15g hi i 'm denise robinson and on behalf of expert village i 'm here to talk about the loft . how to take a space a large space and divide it up to small living quarters . okay now we 're moving on to our next area in our loft . this is our dining area and here are the materials that are needed . we are using a rectangle folding table , a folding chair 2 folding chairs , a decanter a glass is for our shelf back there , some wine , a cup , a coffee maker , a container with utensils , and that stuff is for our shelving unit on here and at the bottom of the shelving unit is a small refrigerator . for actual table a side with tables and chairs we have 2 small area rugs and the colors that are in this room will be green and black . we 're going to put these under the table we have 2 cups , 2 plates , 2 place mats and a chinese lantern that will hubber over the table .
3R4tqUCe-Ek hi , my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center and today we 're going to show you proper straight punch . you could practice this from standing position . so start with your fist to your hips . okay , chest straight out , elbows pulled back . okay , now the fist , you want to start by slowly coming out with the form rubbing against the side of the hip and the rib . okay , you want to twist out and then twist the fist over the last second . okay , now with the punch , if you notice his shoulders , after he throws the punch , okay , you want your shoulders almost in a completely straight line and the fist parallel . it 's very important that you rotate the shoulder . if you punch squared like this , okay , this puts unneeded tension right here on top of the shoulder and there 's no power coming in . all the power 's coming from the side , see , and you could be push back easily . very important that you twist all the way out to get the proper extension and then you get more power coming from the hips cause that 's where the power from the punch comes from , the rotation of the hips . okay , if you look at the difference , okay , if i throw a regular punch squared , okay , there 's really not much power , but if i twist a little bit , so you twist in , you can use your palm for practice , okay , straight back . i get much more reach . so i have this , okay , just like that , and if he stays there , see there 's no reach , but if i twist out , i that much more distance . so you want to come straight out and you want to twist at the last section , the last second to perform like an exploding action with the hand . so straight out and then twist . okay . and that is the proper way to perform a straight punch .
Sw4Hk5tFvHU hi , my name is cidy mastry on behalf of expert village . this is faith , and faith is going to help me demonstrate , in this clip , the firefly pose . faith is going to come down into a hindi squat . good . now , she is just going to rest there for just a moment . she can take her hands down while i bring the pillow for just in case . it 's always good to have a pillow as a safety measure in case you fall backwards . and she is going to bring her hands behind her ankles . good , and press her palms in to ground . good . she 's then going to use her core to lift her body up and bring her legs out to the side . good . she 's pressing her inner thighs onto her upper arms and her upper arms into her inner thighs . good and then shes going to bring it back in and lower all the way down . lengthen through her spine and end in anjali mudra . and thats the firefly pose .
rwHuRc0JyUc when is our painting finished ? when it captures the mood that you are trying to capture . the level of detail you put in is irrelevant . we can work this for another ten , twelve hours and put in every little spot and every little detail , or we can stop now . or , we could 've stopped an hour ago , or two hours ago . make no difference , it 's entirely subjective . the art is n't the important thing , the important thing is the process . art is n't about creating pictures , it 's about training your eye how to see . if you train your eye how to see things like shadows and light , when you look at the world , you 'll see so much more than you can possibly imagine if you do n't go through the process of practicing visualization . leanardo devinci was n't a great artist because he wanted to be an artist , he was a great artist because he was a scientist trying to study nature , and the way he studied nature was by observing . and the process of drawing and painting forced him to see things the way nobody had ever seen things before . this a nice bi-product of the process , but what it 's all about is really learning how to use your eyes in ways that you ca n't learn how to use your eyes in any other way . the process is more important than the painting . it 's nice to have a painting , but it 's even nicer to be able to see things that nobody else can see when you look at a still life . enjoy the process .
C5COHjBiYFM okay . so we 're nearly done with this one . i check out our outline and see if we need to make any more shadows to make sure that 's nothing 's blending too much into the background here . we could start to work on the background a little bit . we do need to work some issues with the outline shadows particularly on this ear . and we can also define it by putting alignment at the background . that 's better , and so i really like it . okay . let 's see . it 's about riving in as you go and work on the background and filling the background more , there 'll be more definition in this outline and the face will come out a little bit more .
SPfjTGssUVI as your dog becomes older , becomes geriatric , they might not be as comfortable having some of the maintenance done on them . your care , nail care , coat care . it 's very important that you maintain a routine with these guys . you might need to get a softer more gentle brush . certainly , the hair is going to be growing and shedding . sometimes they actually start shedding a little bit more , so you just want to do a gentles , soft ... good girl , good girl ... routine that you work with the dog . it will certainly keep the coat cleaner and as you 're doing this , you have a chance to go over the dog and make sure that there 's no growths that you had n't spotted or if the dog had some growths that they 're not getting large quickly . because if that 's the case , you would certainly want to bring them into the vet . this girl actually had just 7 months ago quite major surgery . she had 2 very large growths on her . one over here and one over here . as it turns out , she had osteosarcoma in her mammary glands , so she had major surgery . she 's doing very , very well . it 's important especially with a situation like that , that you go over your dog regularly . by regular brushing you can notice if there 's any new skin tabs that have come up or if there 's a new tumor or lump coming up . you can keep an eye on it and see how fast it 's growing . you 're also removing the dead hair . as you can see , i 'm getting a lot of hair out her . i 'm removing the dead hair from her . it 's going to make her more comfortable , more clean in the house , and just give her a general overall more healthy coat . again , a geriatric dog might be a less comfortable . they might not have the tolerance of lying down for as long . you might need to change the kind of brush you are using . maybe you want to get a softer brush . this in fact is a brush for humans , but it works quite nicely on this dog . of course , this is a short-coated dog . she does shed a lot so keeping that coat coming out is going to be important .
MrN9zHwvEhU on behalf of expert village my name is unique and this is my handsome assistant ari and we 're here at energy fitness in new york city talking about speed and agility techniques . now this is more for intermediate and advance drill . what we 're going to do is a criss cross through the ladder and we 're going to do ali 's , an ali shuffle with the hands . now what this means is remember , when you workout we got three plays of motion . we 're working in a transverse playing motion here , so you in out , in out , in out , in out , in out , in out , dropping it down here bringing the hand into the circle , back into the circle , back ... keeping the chest up core height and that is how to kick your butt in two minutes .
ublyEBJBLLw well everybody knows that the camera is the most important tool for a photographer . not everybody knows that the tripod comes in at a close second . it 's very important when you 're a photographer to always have the tripod with you . you never know if you 're going to need it for a low light situation . you never know if you 're going to need it to have the camera in the exact same position every time you 're taking a photo . and you never know if you 're going to need it just to allow yourself to step away from the camera for little bit as well . tripods , like i said , i really ca n't say enough about them . if you do n't have one , you need to go out and get one , and just make sure you always have it with you because you 'll never know when you need it and a lot of photographers can look at an image and tell if it was shot with a tripod or not . because typically an image shot with a tripod is going to have a much crisper look to it and everything is going to be sharp and in focus , and when you 're taking photographs , that 's what you want . you want things to be as crisp as possible , as sharp as possible and as in focus as possible .
gsbBRXcJhTA if you 're going to learn how to skateboard the first thing you 're going to need to learn is how to push . the easiest way to figure that out is to have a friend stand behind you and push you forward whichever foot you step forward with is going to be your front foot . i usually step forward with my right foot meaning that i would ride goofy . which is with your left foot in the back , right foot in the front . but some people may ride regular which is right foot in the back , left foot in the front . and the important thing to keep in mind when you push is to aim your foot in the direction that you want to go . and it 's pretty much just a kicking motion against the ground , controlling it from that point on . and like i said , this is pretty much the basic foundation of everything in skateboarding . you 're going to need speed to perform the tricks that i 'm going to be teaching you in the rest of the series . so just keep in mind to aim your front foot forward or wherever you want to go because where you aim your foot is the direction that the board is going to send you .
fHzqMvkhdPA let 's talk about to talk about how to stop your dog from chasing their tail . one of the first things you need to do is try to determine why is your dog chasing his or her tail . is it because they 're bored , they 're overly hyperactive or it 's an enjoyable activity ? it is something you can put on cue for your dog if they seem to enjoy and then if they do it off cue , in other words you have n't asked them to chase their tail or spin in a circle , then you would n't reward it and hopefully that behavior will diminish . a couple of the things to take care of right off the bat are look at your dog 's diet , is your dog 's diet high in something like grains that could be causing hyperactivity to which they may be allergic . you might want to work with somebody who is very interested in nutrition for example , a small boutique pet food distributor in your area or your veterinarian . that would be the first step . the other question is is your dog getting enough mental and physical exercise ? lady here came to me at four years old as a rescue , she was n't getting enough physical exercise nor was she getting enough mental stimulation . she was also twenty pounds overweight . so we got her weight down , we gave her plenty to do and to think about , and that behavior diminished . every now and then , she 'll get a little excited and she 'll chase her tail but it 's nothing like it used to be . if you try all of these things and your dog is still chasing his or her tail , then you might want to - you probably need to go and talk to a veterinarian , you might need to look at an obsessive compulsive disorder . but that would be a very rare thing . and there are medications on the market for that . but again , you can try to deal with it a little bit on your own and then outside of that certainly consult a professional .
-WNY3R479Jg hey this is jeff with the two wheeler dealer , today i 'm going to show you how to straighten a derailer hanger . now the derailer hanger is the small tab of metal that your derailer mounts into . typically when you crash or your bike gets dropped the hanger acutally bends and not the derailer . so , to remedy the situation , you actually need to remove the derailer and straighten out that tab , and align it back in line with the drive train . to do that you will use a five millimeter allen wrench on the center of this bolt here on the derailer , and just going to remove that . you can do that with the chain attached . typically easier if you shift it into the smallest cog first . so once you 've dropped the derailer down , you can clearly see the derailer hanger , and this is a special tool that is used for straightening the derailer hangers , it 's just called a derailer hanger alignment gage . this threads into the derailer hanger and uses the rear wheel as the gage for being in line . so for this you just thread this in , and then you use this metal rod as a guide , and you just push this up against the braking surface of the rim , set it down , and check it directly across at ninety , make sure that that should fall directly against the rim as well . here it 's a little inside , so you just bend it a little . reset it , and check it . then you also do it for , yeah . basically check this all the way around . it should maintain the same distance to the rim all the way around . once you have gotten that straight , you then remove this , re-install the derailer . that 's how to straighten a derailer hanger .
Nmk06Bqb6kM hi my name is geoff sterling and i am going to be showing you right now the reinforced block which means that you are going to use both of your arms to snap and lock . this is a more powerful heavier type of block . it may be a little slower and you are sacrificing speed but you will gain power . you are going to do it this way and close your body because this is a defensive hip . both your arms are going to hang down together now and think of it like you are drawing a pistol , drawing it this way and blocking with both of your hands . a way to look at it is with soo bahk do with the punches you strike with these two knuckles here . the way to look at it is it is more of an impact on the surface area . it is easy to think of things like these two knuckles and not all four . you have a kind of a notch right there in your bone and basically it is a perfect crevice for these two knuckles to go and so it is kind of like the place it lands when you hit he block . it lands right there . right there . that was reinforced double block . from hollywood soo bahk do , thank you for watching .
B0mVGyGkczA hello . my name is gabriela garzon at g.g . image and etiquette consulting in miami , florida . in this clip , i 'm going to talk about women 's fall wardrobe . so basically this is like the cold time of the year , so of course you 're going to wear like usual , the darker colors , the burgundies , the navies , trench coats , or just like really , of course , it depends on how your winter is . this is how , how you should just go ahead and pair it with like different types of pants like tweed type of skirts . use lots of boots . high boots , low boots . use different types of sweaters for layering . this is the time where you 're going to start layering like crazy . this is a nice navy type of color . use pants that are like kind of like the tweed type of pattern or pleat , and also use like lots of like different jackets that have like hoodies or just wear like sweaters with the hoodies , and then the jackets and the trench coats . and of course , just go ahead and have lots of fun at buying different type of boots because that 's the type of accessory that you want to have fun with your clothing . once again , this is gabbie at g.g . image and etiquette consulting .
rf9glKf16Ac on behalf of expert village , my name is husain abdul alim and i am here to tell you all about wood carving . the selection of the wood is so important . you do n't want something too hard , you do n't want something too soft . my best wood that i prefer if i had one wood to choose out of all the trees would be the sycamore . sycamore grows anywhere , almost anywhere in america . where there is water , there is usually wood . even here in the desert , where there is dry wooded bed , all around lake montezuma , here in cottonwood , cornville , there is plenty of sycamore , dried creek beds . you will find limbs and stuff like cottonwood is a good wood . especially in the inner side , inside the bark , not the roots , the native americans , the hoppies use to roots . but the inside is a nice firm wood . so this is in between hard and soft . what i am going to do is split this down the middle and then it will give me two masks . i really do n't want a mask in here because it is curved that way . but i would n't mind two masks here , coming off the side . so what we are going to do , we are going to get two for one . so i got some safety glasses on and we are ready to go . so i got a nice good grip in between my feet .
WlBZLugTs40 ok , in this segment what we 'll take a look at is the major components of the lathe . what makes the lathe go is the head stock . the head stock on this machine is driven by belts . if you can look inside , you 'll see that there 's several different levels of belts , as you change the combinations between the motor and the head stock you 'll get a set of different speeds . with this larger lathe , everything is done electronically . by the twist of the dial , i can adjust the speed faster or slower as it goes along . this lathe also has what 's called an electronic brake , which when you shut it off , will get the lathe to stop quicker . what holds the work , especially spindle work on the lathe is your tail stock . in here , you 'll have a center that , you 'll have a drive center in the head stock , and a tail center back here , and the work will be held in between . the tail stock also has a feature where as you spin the dial , you 'll have what 's called a quill on the inside , which will allow you to advance the tail stock forward and back . you have a part of the lathe called the banjo . this is what holds the tool rest . this is where you work with it holding onto the tools . this will give you just a quick idea of the different components that you want with the lathe . one last item to take a look at is the positioning of your switch . your switches need to be relatively in an easy area to get a hold of in case you need to stop the lathe .
f8f_BfFRJpE i 'll take my lunch bag and go ahead and pack that in this big bag . another thing that you definitely want to have at work at all times is your planner . you make your schedule at work and you know when you 're going to come back . i take my planner all the time so i 'll know when i 'm coming back to work and what needs to be done . i 'll go ahead and pack my planner . i need nursing supplies . whatever you like is up to you . you may want a pencil case . i use this cute little case that i got from the 99 cent store . i keep pens , highlighters , things that i might need at work while i 'm charting or documenting . i pack this little case . i also might put my medical scissors in also . i 'll go ahead and pack that . you know hand washing is the number one thing to prevent infection in the hospital . i also take hand sanitizer with me also just in between if i 'm eating or just if i ca n't get to wash my hands . i also want to pack my thermos just in case i want to make tea , hot chocolate , or have a hot cup of coffee throughout the night . you can put this in your bag , but you might want to save this on your way to work in case you 're drinking something on your way . stethoscope ; always need it . ca n't live without it . ca n't work without it . make sure it 's in your bag . there 's blood pressure cuffs at work . i take mine because i just like to keep it with me . you never know if you may need it to check on yourself . i just like to keep all my supplies with me . that 's pretty much all that i have in this bag . what you put in yours is up to you , but make sure you have the necessities .
oluBLfV1i7s hi ! my name is issac and welcome to expertvillage.com . i am a hairstylist here in the los angeles area . i work at a salon on melrose . it 's in the melrose shopping district called melrose hair studio . today we 're going to go ahead and show you how to blow dry your hair properly . we 're going to blow dry it straight . this is my client grace . hi ! we 're going to spend these next few minutes showing you how to blow dry your hair with the right products , the right brushes , the right blow dryer , and we 're going to get your hair straight , volume , and all the other stuff that everybody always asks me how do you do this at home what you do in the salon .
KSuW16FMTRc ok , let 's try counting some half notes now while we 're playing with the long bows . back to the french bow . a half note goes for two beats . one , two , three , four . just like that so let 's keep about that tempo and play some half notes together for two beats each . one , two , ready , begin . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . again , one , two . one half upper string . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . now we can play in three-four time . we 'll dotted half note which goes for three beats . one , ready , begin . one , two , three . one , two , three . one , two , three . one , two , three and back down . review this lesson for counting half notes and dotted half notes .
KliJzqnLv2w alright now that you know the minor chords we are going to go to the dominic chord which is also known as the 7th chord . it starts on the 5th degree of c so we got 1,2,3,4,5 , g . so now g is our root , so there is a void note for g which is ironically the root of the major scale c which is the 4th . so when you are doing voicing you want to avoid that c so now i 'm going to show you some voicing for g7 . notice how i avoid the c but you can get a cool sound if you want to do a d sus as you play the c but it changes the note value to a sustain chord . see how i 'm still playing g it goes back and forth and if you add in the minor chord you get what jazz musician call a 2,5 where you go from the 2 of the scale to the 5th . and you hear how that wants to go back to the one major .
f6B8ZHIV4EI in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing and replacing a front strut on a front-wheel drive vehicle . in this step , we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for aligning our upper mount and remounting it . as you can see , there is a little nipple here . that nipple is going to point out , away from the vehicle , straight to the tire . we 're going to want to line that up with the center of our strut mount portion that goes to the spindle . just like so . once you have these aligned , you 're ready to mount the upper portion . now on the body of the vehicle , there will be a corrosion mark which will indicate where this part goes . as you can see , we have a corrosion mark from where our upper mount seats to the body of the vehicle . and what we 're looking for is an indicator tab . that will let us know the proper alignment for installing our new strut . as you can see , there is a little dimple right here . that 's what we 're looking for . there will be a corresponding dimple on the mount . we 're going to want to make sure to line those two up when we install it on the vehicle . i 'm going to go ahead and slip it up inside the vehicle and starts with my nuts on the top . just like so . i 'm going to take and hold onto a coil and grab one of my nuts and get it started on there . alright , i 'm going to go ahead and tighten them down . we 'll use a x pattern for torquing this down . they do n't have to be extremely tight , you can break them . right there is good . i 'm going to jump all the way across to this one and perform an x pattern . what that will do is ensure that it seats nice and flat to the inside surface of our suspension tower . jump over here . and then diagonally across to complete our x pattern . and there you go . that is the proper service procedure for aligning and remounting your upper strut mount .
